CONTENTS
1 8 Highlights
Foreword Environmental
Stewardship
Core Values 1 Overview 10
Letter to Stakeholders 2 Reducing Emissions 11
Message from the Board 3 Climate-Related Risk Management 16
Operational Overview 4 Water Management 16
Sustainability at Oasis 5 Biodiversity and Land Use 17
Environment
About this Report 6 Spill Prevention and Management 18 Our leak detection and repair pro-
Performance Highlights 6 Waste Management 19 gram covers all of our infrastructure
and assets, and we complete over
20 34 1,200 inspections annually.
Social Responsibility
Health, Safety, Community Engagement
& the Workplace
Overview 22 Overview 34
Workforce Safety 24 Stakeholder Engagement 34
Process Safety 26 Philanthropy and Volunteerism 36
Crisis Management and Human Rights 37 Social
Emergency Response 26 We value our people and the com-
munities in which we live and work,
Our People and Culture 29
and we strive to support them in
Learning and Development 33
meaningful ways, including through
volunteerism and engagement in
38 50
local initiatives.
Corporate Governance Data and Disclosures
Overview 40 Key Performance Data 50
Board of Directors 40 SASB Index 54
Executive Pay 44 AXPC Index 58
Ethics and Compliance 44
Shareholder Engagement 46
Public Advocacy and
Trade Associations 46 Governance
Risk Management 47 Monitoring cybersecurity risks is
Cybersecurity 48 a priority for our Board and man-
agement team, and we system-
atically identify and manage this
60
and other enterprise risks through
our formal enterprise risk manage-
ment program.
Forward-Looking
Statements
Forward-Looking Statements 60
 |  | 
1 8
Foreword Environmental
Stewardship
Core Values 1 Overview 10
Letter to Stakeholders 2 Reducing Emissions 11
Message from the Board 3 Climate-Related Risk Management 16
Operational Overview 4 Water Management 16
Sustainability at Oasis 5 Biodiversity and Land Use 17
About this Report 6 Spill Prevention and Management 18
Performance Highlights 6 Waste Management 19
20 34
Social Responsibility
Health, Safety, Community Engagement
& the Workplace
Overview 22 Overview 34
Workforce Safety 24 Stakeholder Engagement 34
Process Safety 26 Philanthropy and Volunteerism 36
Crisis Management and Human Rights 37
Emergency Response 26
Our People and Culture 29
Learning and Development 33
38 50
Corporate Governance Data and Disclosures
Overview 40 Key Performance Data 50
Board of Directors 40 SASB Index 54
Executive Pay 44 AXPC Index 58
Ethics and Compliance 44
Shareholder Engagement 46
Public Advocacy and
Trade Associations 46
Risk Management 47
Cybersecurity 48
60
Forward-Looking
Statements
Forward-Looking Statements 60 |  | Highlights
Environment
Our leak detection and repair pro-
gram covers all of our infrastructure
and assets, and we complete over
1,200 inspections annually.
Social
We value our people and the com-
munities in which we live and work,
and we strive to support them in
meaningful ways, including through
volunteerism and engagement in
local initiatives.
Governance
Monitoring cybersecurity risks is
a priority for our Board and man-
agement team, and we system-
atically identify and manage this
and other enterprise risks through
our formal enterprise risk manage-
ment program.
 |  | 


CORE VALUES
At Oasis, as a company and as individuals, we have a strong and unwaver-
ing belief that we all succeed together by doing the right thing and being
passionate. While these values are important throughout all facets of our
company, they are paramount in how we approach our commitment to
protecting people, the environment, and the communities we serve. We
are dedicated to providing safe, reliable energy in an ethically and socially
responsible manner. Our core values guide our actions and decisions and
reflect what is truly important to us as a company.
✓ Do the Right Thing
✓ Be Passionate
✓ We all Succeed Together
✓ Great People Plus
Great Assets Equal
Great Opportunity
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 1
OASIS PETROLEUM
LETTER TO
STAKEHOLDERS
Dear Stakeholders,
At Oasis, we believe that the future success of our company needed to get through the pandemic. We did this thanks
hinges on our ability to help meet critical energy needs in to the extraordinary commitment, skills, effort, and passion
ways that are innovative, safe, environmentally responsible, of our employees. They worked tirelessly to ensure our
and profitable – for the long-term benefit of all our stake- assets and equipment were functioning properly and our
holders. It is consistent and aligns with our long-held cultural personnel remained connected. And they did it all while bal-
value: Do The Right Thing. While this is our first sustainability ancing needs at home – from homeschooling their children,
report, it is certainly not the beginning of our sustainabili- to caring for elderly parents, to maintaining their own mental
ty journey. Since its inception, Oasis has been focused on health during a difficult time of social isolation. We are tre-
providing reliable energy that improves economic mobility mendously proud of them. They demonstrated resiliency,
and quality of life, while operating safely, safeguarding the determination, and a steadfast commitment to our core val-
environment, and investing in our team and the communities ues as we all adjusted to new ways of working and living.
we serve. This report represents the next step forward in our
Oasis entered 2021 in a strong condition. The momentum
journey to provide greater transparency and substantiate our
we have built since emerging from restructuring is setting
ability to meet the evolving needs of our stakeholders.
a new vision and principle for the organization: “A New
Tomorrow, Today” through which we seek to create a
company that meets the needs of both current and future
“
investors and stakeholders. To that end, you will see in this
Sustainability Report that we have a strong historical and
At Oasis, we believe that the future
current record of creating positive impacts with a focus on
success of our company hinges on our risk management and environmental, social, and governance
(ESG) stewardship. As we look to build on our efforts to
ability to help meet critical energy
date, we know we must attract and retain top talent, provide
needs in ways that are innovative,
strong returns to our shareholders, and maintain our position
safe, environmentally responsible, and as a preferred business partner, environmental steward, and
profitable – for the long-term benefit community leader. We are committed to these principles
and welcome accountability for them all.
of all our stakeholders.”
In 2020 and to date in 2021, we have further progressed
our ESG initiatives. We have elevated the visibility and focus
of our efforts companywide through our new Nominating,
Last year was challenging for our company, industry, and Environmental, Social, and Governance (NESG) Board Com-
society, as the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our personal mittee, which, along with management, is responsible for
and professional lives and sent shock waves throughout the developing and overseeing our ESG efforts. In addition, our
economy. It has been an event like no other in our recent Board of Directors recently approved and implemented a
history and has served as a humble reminder of the elements peer-leading compensation program specifically designed to
that are critical to sustaining the human condition. At the better align management compensation with value creation,
center of it all is energy. Energy connects us to the people shareholder interests, and the company’s new strategic
we love, helps our doctors and nurses care for those who objectives. To support our efforts to identify and manage
fall ill, keeps us warm in the winter, powers industry, helps risks, the Board of Directors is working with Oasis manage-
educate our children, feeds society, and creates jobs. At the ment to formalize an enterprise risk management program
beginning of the crisis, we acted quickly to ensure we could in 2021. Through this program, we aim to increase strategic
continue to effectively and safely provide the energy people thinking about known and emerging risks that may affect
2 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
MESSAGE FROM
THE BOARD
Dear Stakeholders,
our business and build out an infra- Welcome to Oasis’ 2020 Sustainability Report. For over 13 years, Oasis has been
structure that supports the adoption focused on operating sustainably, managing risks, maintaining good governance,
of adequate measures to manage risk promoting health and safety, protecting the environment, and positively impacting
and support our sustainability. communities. In this inaugural report, we are sharing with you specific quantita-
tive and qualitative examples of the progress we have made in 2020 to continue
We have been focused on caring for
advancing our sustainability efforts and commitments.
our employees, reducing our opera-
tional and safety risks, enriching our Continuing to improve ESG performance and transparency, including through
communities, and fostering practic- the publication of this report, are priorities for this Board, the NESG Committee,
es that minimize our environmental and our management team. In addition, we have prioritized the development
impact for many years. In this, our of our new enterprise risk management program and integrated it into our
inaugural Sustainability Report, we sustainability program.
have highlighted tangible progress and
We are guided by our premier operational positions, a team of dedicated and
a strong resolve to continue advanc-
talented employees, and a new business model – generating value for share-
ing our long-standing sustainability
holders with an intense focus on ensuring sustainability for stakeholders. We
efforts. We are honored and privileged
are focused on protecting our strong financial foundation, maintaining business
to share our progress and ongoing
continuity, and ensuring our operations are resilient so we can continue to provide
commitments with you.
essential and reliable energy. By doing so, we help power hospitals, heat homes,
Sincerely, and create jobs, thereby directly impacting communities by raising standards of
living and quality of life.
Looking forward, the Board and the NESG Committee will continue to monitor
enterprise risks and respond to evolving market dynamics as we work with Oasis’
management team to drive the company’s sustainability and ESG performance,
while delivering positive financial returns to shareholders. The NESG Committee
is focused not only on providing oversight of Oasis’ ESG efforts, but on working
Daniel E. Brown with management to advance progress, align business and sustainability objec-
Oasis Chief tives, set ambitious but attainable goals, and continue to improve transparency,
Executive Officer performance, and value creation for stakeholders.
The Board is proud of Oasis’ long-standing sustainability culture and the NESG
Committee looks forward to building upon it to shape an even stronger future for
our company, the communities we serve, and our shareholders. Upon manage-
ment’s presentation of this report and the NESG Committee’s recommendation,
the Board of Directors has unanimously approved publication of this 2020 Sus-
tainability Report. I thank you for your interest and look forward to your feedback.
Douglas E. Brooks Sincerely,
Oasis Board Chair
Samantha F. Holroyd
Oasis Board of Directors Chair, NESG Committee
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 3
OASIS PETROLEUM
OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW
Formed in 2007 and headquartered in Houston, Texas, Today’s Oasis has an industry-leading financial profile
Oasis Petroleum (NASDAQ: OAS) is an independent tailored to the new environment. We are focused on gen-
exploration and production (E&P) company with high- erating free cash flow and delivering competitive share-
quality and sustainable long-lived assets in the Williston holder returns with our low-cost assets while maintaining
Basin. We produce valuable commodities that are funda- operational excellence and an intense focus on responsible
mental to the advancement of human progress and have environmental, social, and governance stewardship.
resulted in dramatic, long-term improvements in quality
of life. We strive to operate in a safe, environmentally
responsible, and ethical way while striving to deliver
strong returns to shareholders.
In late 2020, we completed a financial restructuring
and have entered 2021 as a strong business in a more
opportunity-rich environment. Our current motto is “A New
Tomorrow, Today” and we believe it captures our forward-
thinking decisions and commitments. We are at the fore-
front of technology deployment, operational efficiencies,
and infrastructure development.
We had assets in the North Dakota and Montana regions
of the Williston Basin and the Texas region of the Permian
Basin at the end of 2020. In May 2021, we entered into
Pro forma
agreements to acquire approximately 95,000 additional Williston Basin
net acres in the Williston Basin and sell our entire E&P
497K Net Acres
position in the Permian Basin.
77.0Mboepd
Oasis Midstream Partners
Oasis formed and is the majority owner of Oasis Mid-
stream Partners (OMP), a premier production gathering
and gas processing company. OMP owns, develops, oper-
ates, and acquires a diversified portfolio of midstream
assets in North America. OMP’s current assets are located
in the heart of the oil-rich Bakken and Permian Basins,
and OMP is focused on best-in-class operations, respon-
sible citizenship, and generating value for our investors.
OMP information and data are not included in this report.
4 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
SUSTAINABILITY AT OASIS
At Oasis, we are dedicated to meeting critical energy likelihood of occurrence and potential impact. Employee
needs by producing a cleaner, lower-cost barrel for the subject matter experts assist the Risk Committee in mea-
benefit of all our stakeholders. In doing so, we aim to be suring those risks and defining mitigation strategies for
a preferred energy industry investment, business partner, each risk. The committee presents updates to the Board’s
employer, and community member. We recognize that our Audit & Reserves Committee at least quarterly.
ability to deliver that value for our stakeholders requires
The Risk Committee has identified ESG impacts as risks to
us to focus on risks that have the potential to threaten our
be tracked through our ERM program because strong ESG
enterprise sustainability. Our newly formalized enterprise
performance is critical to the sustainability of our business.
risk management (ERM) program provides a framework
In order to attract capital and investors, obtain access to
for identifying and managing these risks.
acreage, attract and retain top talent, and be welcomed
Through our ERM program, we aim to increase strategic into communities, we must demonstrate that we are good
thinking about known and emerging risks that may affect stewards of the resources with which we are entrusted. And
our business and to build an infrastructure that supports though our ESG efforts have been ongoing for many years,
the adoption of measures to manage risks. In 2021, our as you will see in this report, identification of ESG impacts
Risk Committee, comprised of members of our senior man- as an enterprise risk is consistent with our desire to elevate
agement team, conducted an enterprise risk assessment the visibility and focus of our ESG efforts company-wide
through which we identified risks linked to Oasis’ strategic and underscores our commitment to continue responsibly
and financial priorities and mapped risks according to their managing our ESG performance.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 5
OASIS PETROLEUM
ABOUT THIS PERFORMANCE
REPORT HIGHLIGHTS
Unless otherwise noted, the information and data in this report cover
Oasis Petroleum’s upstream E&P operations for the calendar year that
ended on December 31, 2020, and data comparisons are based on
2019 to 2020 changes.
This report discloses information about our ESG policies
and the various programs, guidelines, and commitments that
we believe are important to our stakeholders. This report was
developed by a cross-functional team of subject matter ex-
perts throughout the company and reviewed by members of
our executive team and approved by the Board of Directors.
We determined the contents of this report through in-
depth, one-on-one interviews with internal stakeholders, a
review of peer sustainability reporting practices, and the
evaluation of common reporting frameworks, including the
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting
Standards, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(SASB) Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Standards,
the International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conser-
vation Association (IPIECA), and the American Exploration Environment
and Production Council (AXPC) ESG Metrics Framework.
Many of the standards and metrics used in preparing this
report continue to evolve and are based on management
assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of
preparation. Such assumptions, however, should not be
considered guarantees. All estimates are based on informa-
tion available at the time of publication and are subject to
change as we continuously seek to improve our data man-
agement practices, data sources, and calculation methodol-
ogies. In this report, Oasis Petroleum is at times referred to
Social
in the first person as “we,” “our,” or “the company.”
To help interested stakeholders quickly access our key
sustainability indicators, we have mapped relevant SASB
and AXPC indicators at the end of this report. See page 54.
Unless otherwise noted, the information and data in
this report cover Oasis Petroleum’s upstream E&P oper-
ations for the calendar year that ended on December 31,
2020, and data comparisons are based on 2019 to 2020
changes. Our U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) Form 10-K and proxy statement provide additional
Governance
financial and operational information and can be accessed
at the following link: oasispetroleum.investorroom.com/
sec-filings.
We look forward to hearing your feedback. Please submit
comments and questions about this report to:
Bob Bakanauskas
Oasis Director, Investor Relations,
(281) 404-9600, ir@oasispetroleum.com
6 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
 | 


 | 


 | 


 | 


61% 50% 51% 352K
reduction in reduction in reduction in total fewer truckloads of oil
reportable spills methane intensity greenhouse gas intensity and water on the road
33% 27% >30% $4.5M
reduction in Total increase in the of directors and general contributed to community
Recordable Incident proportion of female managers are women initiatives since 2010
Rate (TRIR) workforce since 2017
86% 2/3 75% 30+
of directors are of Board committees of executive equity years on average of
independent chaired by women compensation tied to industry experience for
shareholder returns Board of Directors
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 7
 | 


 | 


 | 


 | 


OASIS PETROLEUM
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
At Oasis, respecting and protecting the environment as we
develop our natural resources is both a core value and a business
imperative. We are committed to minimizing and mitigating our
environmental impacts and respecting the natural resources in
the communities we serve.
8 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 9
OASIS PETROLEUM
We have reduced our total We have replaced nearly all
greenhouse gas intensity natural gas-powered pneumatic
by 51% and our methane devices and systems with
intensity by 50%. electric actuators.
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
 NOTE Environmental Stewardship Overview
Unless otherwise noted, the informa- Responsible environmental stewardship is foundational to our business and
tion and data in this report cover Oasis
operational strategy and the long-term success of our company. It is also consis-
Petroleum's upstream E&P operations for
tent with our long-held cultural value: “Do the Right Thing.” To attract capital and
the calendar year that ended on Decem-
ber 31, 2020, and data comparisons are investors, effectively manage risks, meet stakeholder expectations, obtain access
based on 2019 to 2020 changes. to acreage, attract and retain top talent, and be welcomed into communities, we
must demonstrate that we are good stewards of our entrusted resources. We
take that responsibility seriously, and we actively work to minimize our impact
RESOURCES
on the air, water, and land.
Environmental, Health, and
As a company, we are committed to being good stewards of the environment
Safety (EHS) Commitment and
during all stages of our operations through the thoughtful evaluation and imple-
Accountability Statement
mentation of technologies, practices, and procedures that not only reduce impacts
EHS Minimum Requirements
but also improve efficiency, lower costs, and reduce risks. We focus on lowering
for Contractors
air emissions, managing climate-related risks, reducing water and energy use,
EHS Management System
protecting the natural environment, preventing spills, and managing waste. We
design our environmental programs to meet or exceed local, state, and federal
environmental regulations.
Our EHS Commitment and Accountability Statement sets the groundwork
and solidifies our leadership’s commitment to establishing objectives, committing
resources, and evaluating our performance with a focus on continuous improve-
ment, as we do in all aspects of our business. We have developed and implement-
ed EHS policies, standards, and work rules which define employee and contractor
expectations and requirements to foster a culture of accountability for safe and
environmentally responsible operations.
Environmental Management System
We have developed and implemented a comprehensive EHS management system
that provides a systematic process to identify, assess, and manage operational
risks to the business, employees, contractors, stakeholders, and the environment.
As part of that management system, we have established environmental mea-
surement and monitoring programs that support efforts to reduce emissions,
waste, spills, and water use.
10 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
We completed over 1,200 leak
We led our industry peers with detection and repair inspections
a best-in-class gas capture rate and immediately repaired
of 96% in the Williston Basin. ~90% onsite.
>99% 61% 50% 51% 352K
of all pneumatic reduction in reduction in reduction in fewer truckloads
actuators replaced reportable spills methane intensity total greenhouse of oil and water
with electric gas intensity on the road
Stakeholder Engagement Total Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
We engage directly with local stakeholders to meet their
29.3
environmental expectations. We routinely meet with 27.4 26.5
neighbors in our community, local and state regulators,
first responders, and industry partners about environ- 1,446 1,511
mental matters. These meetings occur in connection with 1,173
13.1
our day-to-day operations, not just following an incident
or event. In addition, we voluntarily hired a third party to 537
audit our North Dakota field operations against our envi-
ronmental compliance obligations. We shared the results of
the voluntary audit with the North Dakota Department of
2017 2018 2019 2020
Environmental Quality (NDDEQ). We believe this process
has helped us improve our environmental performance and
Total GHG Emissions (thousand metric tons CO2e)
Total GHG Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/MBOE)
strengthened our relationship with the NDDEQ.
Reducing Emissions
Methane Emissions
We recognize the environmental and financial risks
2.6
associated with air emissions and are focused on
2.3
reducing them. 2.2
We are committed to continuously improving and
investing in facilities and technologies to reduce our green- 121 123
105
house gas (GHG) and other air emissions. We implement 1.1
long-term and short-term strategies and best practices
44
to address emissions from various sources.
Oasis strives to comply with all applicable state and
federal laws, including the Clean Air Act, and we obtain 2017 2018 2019 2020
the required authorizations and permits to operate. Our Methane Emissions (thousand metric tons CO2e)
organizational structure facilitates effective and frequent Methane Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/MBOE)
communication between the environmental team and
the various operating groups regarding authorization
and permit requirements.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 11
29.3 |  |  | 27.4 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  | 26.5 |  |  |  |  | 
1,173 |  |  | 1,446 |  |  | 1,511 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 13.1 |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 537 |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 


2.6 |  |  | 2.3 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  | 2.2 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  | 121 |  |  | 123 |  |  |  |  | 
105 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 1.1 |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 44 |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 


OASIS PETROLEUM
12 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP CONT
51%&50%
The Environmental Partnership
From 2019 to 2020, we reduced our
Oasis is proud to be an active member of The Environ-
GHG emissions intensity by 51% and our mental Partnership, a voluntary coalition of more than
80 oil and natural gas companies operating across the
methane emissions intensity by 50%. United States with a focus on continuously improving the
industry’s environmental performance. Members commit
to take action, learn about best practices and technolo-
gies to reduce the industry’s footprint, and collaborate to
We track our operational performance through overall improve environmental performance. The Environmental
Partnership has developed six separate Environmental
GHG emissions intensity and methane emissions intensity.
Performance Programs for participating companies to
Intensity metrics are measured as carbon dioxide equivalent
implement. The programs are designed to further reduce
emissions (CO 2e) per thousand barrels of oil equivalent of emissions using proven, cost-effective technologies tar-
all hydrocarbon products. Like many others in our industry, geting five of the most significant sources of emissions.
we believe tracking intensity metrics provide a more com- The programs are focused on leak detection and repair;
replacing, removing, or retrofitting high-bleed pneumatic
parable year-to-year measure of performance normalized
controllers with low- or zero-emitting devices; improving
for acquisitions and divestitures, facility installation, and the manual liquids unloading process; minimizing emis-
changes in development activity levels. This report discloses sions associated with centrifugal and reciprocating com-
our air emissions results using SASB reporting standards. pressors; and reduction practices that minimize emissions
during pipeline blowdowns.
See page 54.
The Environmental Partnership is adapting and expanding
The main GHGs included in our GHG inventory calculations its programs to strengthen the industry’s voluntary efforts
are carbon dioxide (CO 2), methane (CH 4), and nitrous oxide to improve environmental performance over time.
(N O), and we monitor a range of potential emissions sourc-
2
es from our operations. We follow U.S. Environmental Pro-
“
tection Agency (EPA) reporting standards when tracking
emissions data and submit annual GHG emissions according
to the requirements of the EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas The Environmental Partnership
Reporting Rule. provides a great opportunity for
Facility Design and Operations Oasis to work with industry part-
ners on our shared goal of meeting
Consistent with our commitment to sustainable and
environmentally responsible operations, we continue to today’s energy needs in a reliable,
evaluate and upgrade our facilities to limit and capture air
safe, and economical way while
emissions, identify sources of fugitive emissions, and
progressing sustainable solutions
contain spills. To that end, since 2015, Oasis has invested
more than $35 million in facility upgrades, including the for the future.”
installation of high-efficiency emissions controls for our flare
Dustin Anderson,
and engine systems, storage tanks, and phase separators.
Oasis Environmental Manager
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 13
OASIS PETROLEUM
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP CONT
Oasis has also implemented new technologies to reduce Gas Capture in North Dakota
methane emissions from production sites. Pneumatic
Exceeding minimum state target 96%
devices help control different process variables, such as
fluid levels, temperature, and pressure in tanks or vessels.
91%
90%
They are often powered by high-pressure natural gas.
The constant release of natural gas from these controllers
83% 88%
when the system actuates has been identified as one of
the largest sources of methane emissions in the oil and gas
77%
industry. Oasis has made considerable efforts to elimi-
nate natural gas-powered pneumatic devices and systems
and replace them with electric actuators. As a result, we
have significantly reduced our methane emissions, and we 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
continue to look at all areas of our operations to identify
Oasis capture
additional enhancement opportunities. North Dakota capture
State minimum
Diesel motors that drive drilling rigs and hydraulic
fracturing operations can also be a significant source of
emissions. We have reduced those emissions and related
noise by replacing diesel-only drilling rigs with bi-fuel To that end, several years ago, we recognized an imbalance
motors that run on diesel or compressed natural gas (CNG), between the amount of gas that we expected to produce
liquefied natural gas (LNG), field gas, or electricity. We in the Williston Basin and available infrastructure, so we
continue to look for opportunities to drill more wells using invested in and materially expanded the gas capture capac-
engines powered by alternative fuels. In addition, we power ity of the Basin. Our investment of over $550 million in this
our hydraulic fracturing equipment with zero-base power infrastructure has enabled us to lead our industry peers
engines, which operate at reduced power when not in with a best-in-class Williston Basin gas capture rate of 96%.
use, further reducing our emissions. In addition to capturing our gas, our infrastructure captures
third-party gas. In 2020, we utilized our infrastructure to
Flare Reduction
process more than 21 billion standard cubic feet of gas from
Flaring is a controlled process for eliminating emissions third parties, thereby reducing the GHG emissions of other
of otherwise vented hydrocarbons, such as methane. operators in the Williston Basin.
Our goal is to capture as much gas as possible. However,
Emissions Prevention and Detection
in some cases, flaring is necessary to control the safe op-
eration of our facilities. In those cases, we are diligent in We have taken steps to prevent and minimize the impact
mitigating flares by implementing operational controls of methane and other hydrocarbon leaks on the environ-
and optimizing combustion, which allows us to safely ment. We conduct leak inspections that meet or exceed the
reduce our emissions footprint through the destruction scope and frequency of applicable federal or state regula-
of methane and other GHGs. tory standards. In 2016, we adopted a leak detection and
repair (LDAR) program to reduce fugitive emissions from
We believe that one of the leading causes of natural gas
oil and gas equipment used in production activities. All of
flaring from the Bakken and Three Forks formations in North
our infrastructure and assets are inspected and included in
Dakota is a historical lack of gas-gathering infrastructure in
the program. Our LDAR program inspections utilize various
the Williston Basin. If that gas is not captured, it needs to be
techniques and technologies, including audio, visual, and
flared or vented. Perhaps the most important way a com-
olfactory inspections; toxic vapor analyzers; portable gas
pany like ours can have a significant positive environmental
detectors; and state-of-the-art optical gas imaging cameras
difference is to take the extra steps – and invest the extra
that utilize infrared sensors for scanning production facil-
money – needed to develop natural gas processing and
ities and locating emissions not identifiable through other
gathering infrastructure.
inspection methods.
14 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
 |  | Exceeding | minimum sta | te target 96
% |  |  |  | 90
% |  |  |  | 88
 |  |  |  | 
% |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  | 


Oasis completes over 1,200 LDAR inspections annually
for assets in North Dakota, Montana, and Texas, and we
respond expeditiously to repair any leaks discovered.
In 2020, we immediately repaired approximately 90% of
the LDAR findings onsite at the time of inspection. Of
the 10% that required follow up, Oasis’ average repair
to re-inspection time was 3.8 days. We continuously
monitor our infrastructure and assets so that we can
identify leaks in real-time, further improving our leak
352,000+ truckloads eliminated
detection capabilities.
Reducing Truck Traffic
Another way that Oasis is working to reduce emissions
from our operations is by investing in pipeline infrastructure
to transport oil and produced water. Since 2015, Oasis has
invested approximately $1 billion in pipeline infrastructure. As a result of our significant investment
As a result, close to 100% of our water and crude oil is trans-
in pipeline infrastructure, close to 100%
ported via pipeline. We estimate that in 2020 we eliminated
more than 352,000 truckloads of oil and produced water of our water and crude oil is transported
from local roads and highways. This not only reduces our via pipeline. We estimate that in 2020
GHG emissions but also decreases safety hazard exposures
we eliminated more than 352,000 truck-
for our employees, vendors, and the communities where
loads of oil and produced water from
we operate.
local roads and highways, which, if linked
together, would span across the entire
United States.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 15
OASIS PETROLEUM
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP CONT
Climate-Related Risk Management Water Management
At Oasis, we are committed to the responsible and Water is vital to the health, social, and economic well-
sustainable development of oil and natural gas resources being of the communities where we live and work. It is
while working to manage climate-related risks. also a necessary element of our drilling and comple-
tion activities.
The Oasis Board of Directors has an active role in setting
our strategies and is responsible for overall risk oversight We seek to minimize our impact on local water supplies
of the company, including oversight of its climate risk and are focused on proper sourcing, reuse, and safe dispos-
assessment and strategy. To this end, the Board receives al of water. We continuously evaluate and pilot opportuni-
periodic updates regarding existing and emerging climate- ties to advance the reduction and reuse of water across
driven legislation, regulations, and other initiatives. our operations.
The Oasis management team, subject to oversight by our Managing Produced Water
Board, structures, monitors, and adjusts our sustainability
We are making a concerted effort to manage the water
efforts in a manner that is consistent with our core values
produced along with oil and natural gas in our opera-
and designed to serve the interests of the company and
tions. Our produced water gathering systems promote the
all of our stakeholders. Each year, senior management
safe handling and disposal of Oasis’ and other operators’
reviews our long-term business plans. These plans consider
produced water. We use our Supervisory Control and Data
climate-related topics, including:
Acquisition (SCADA) network – which allows us to conduct
• Strategies and initiatives related to climate policy real-time 24/7 remote monitoring and control of our pipe-
line activity – to gather, transport, and dispose of produced
• Significant legislation or regulations, treaties, conventions
water safely and to minimize spills.
or other agreements, public policies, or scientific
developments involving environmental matters Freshwater Reduction
• Significant risks to, and the physical security of, the
We strive to preserve local freshwater supplies by optimiz-
company’s facilities
ing design completions and using non-freshwater for our
As part of our regular, ongoing business and planning operational activities, especially in areas where community
risk management processes, we incorporate a range of water supplies are scarce. We have reduced our freshwater
pricing scenarios when forming our long-term investment intensity by over 45% since 2017. We have reduced the
and development plans. We consider risks, including number of stages required in our hydraulic fracturing
forecasts of future demand and pricing in energy markets design, which decreases the amount of freshwater we need
and changes in government regulations and policies. for well completion. We also limit our use of freshwater
These assessments are integrated into our overall risk by utilizing brackish water in our operations. Brackish water
management process conducted by senior managers is too high in salinity for drinking or agricultural use, so it
and executives and overseen by our Board of Directors is an essential resource for oil and gas operators. In addition,
and the Board’s NESG Committee. in 2020, we began utilizing a desalinating chemical during
production, which reduces freshwater consumption for the
We are committed to continuous dialogue with our
treatment of salt scale in wells.
Board of Directors, shareholders, and other stakeholders
about climate-related risks. We will maintain our efforts to optimize completion designs,
understand how different factors drive our water consump-
tion needs, and reduce freshwater use in our operations.
16 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
Protecting Groundwater
Water management is an essential aspect of hydraulic
fracturing. Oasis designs, builds, and maintains wells to
protect groundwater quality and to meet or exceed strict
regulatory requirements. We design our wells according to
industry standards, with layers of casing and cement. Before
hydraulic fracturing begins, the well is pressure tested per
industry standards as we aim to ensure well integrity and
safety. We also have a robust groundwater surveillance
program that includes baseline monitoring before and after
hydraulic fracturing to confirm that our operations have
not negatively impacted the groundwater.
Hydraulic fracturing requires different types of sand,
proppant, and chemicals. We support public disclosure of
the chemical composition of fracturing fluids. We submit
information to Frac Focus in a transparent manner so that
our stakeholders have visibility into the practices, proce-
dures, and technologies used to develop oil and natural
gas. For comprehensive information on our fluid use on a
per-well basis, please visit fracfocus.org. Protecting a Rock Cairn
Biodiversity and Land Use
Oasis has a track record of being a good neighbor in
the communities where we operate. Our respect for indig-
We are committed to minimizing our impact on the land enous culture and artifacts transcends tribal boundaries.
and wildlife in the areas where we operate. Our priority For example, during the development phase of our Lewis
is to minimize our footprint and cause as little disruption well pad in McKenzie County, North Dakota, a location with
federal minerals, Oasis conducted archaeological surveys
as possible.
on and around the area prior to construction. During the
Oasis strives to be a good steward of the land where we survey we discovered a rock cairn, which is a human-made
stack, mound, or pile of rocks. Rock cairns take different
operate. As we continue towards full-field development
forms and have been built by cultures around the world for
of our assets, our management plans and robust project
many purposes, including monuments, burial sites, naviga-
forecasting allow us to site multiple wells from a single tional aids, or ceremonial grounds.
facility, supporting our commitment to conserving land
We consulted with multiple tribes regarding the rock
for multi-beneficial use within the region. cairns. Despite confirmation from both the landowner
and the tribes that the cairn was not historically signif-
We utilize technologies such as Geographic Information
icant, Oasis took several steps to protect the cairn in
Systems (GIS) to help build risk models that enable us to case the initial assessments were inaccurate, including
identify site-specific, environmentally sensitive areas within relocating the pad and building a fence around the cairn.
our operations quickly. If we identify sensitive areas, we Our decision to protect the cairn despite indications that
it was not historically significant is a reflection of our
work to eliminate or minimize activities that could nega-
key values that guide us every day.
tively impact them. Models include risk variables associated
with production operations weighted by their potential
impact on human health and the environment, including
endangered species habitat, land ownership, proximity to
surface waters, and groundwater.
Quantifying risk in this way allows us to critically evaluate
our facilities and customize our operations. By adjusting on-
site automation or increasing site visits in sensitive areas, we
allocate resources more effectively and provide greater pro-
tection to our operations and the surrounding environment.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 17
OASIS PETROLEUM
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP CONT
Spill Prevention and Management
We work tirelessly to prevent all spills of oil, produced
water, and other materials from our equipment and
facilities and to reduce their impact if they do occur.
We design, build, and operate our facilities and equipment
with spill prevention top of mind. We invest in primary and
secondary containment equipment, conduct inspections
and remote monitoring, and comply with or exceed spill
preparedness and response regulations. As a result, 98%
of all spills stayed within containment on location in 2020.
We use our robust preventative maintenance and integrity
management programs, leak detection, and remote, real-
time monitoring through our SCADA network to prevent
leaks and minimize the impact of any leak that does occur.
We maintain Spill Prevention Countermeasures and
Control (SPCC) plans for each operating area that detail
responsibilities, equipment, procedures, and steps to pre-
vent, control, and provide adequate countermeasures to an
unplanned discharge. Trained personnel conduct routine Electrokinetic Soil Treatment
maintenance and inspections to verify that engineering
We work hard every day to avoid all spills, whether it
controls are functioning correctly. In addition, we complete be oil, produced water, or any other product. However,
annual training on our SPCC plans. We also have a robust environmental stewardship not only means minimizing the
incident management program to track, record, and con- overall number of spills, but also mitigating their impacts
when they do occur.
duct root cause analysis of any oil, produced water, or other
spill or release. This process allows us to identify trends and When soil near our Schmitz pad in Williston, North
Dakota, became contaminated due to a leaky flange, we
improve our processes to prevent future releases.
recognized the opportunity to utilize unique technology
These systems and incident response programs helped to remediate the contaminated soil in a more environ-
mentally friendly manner. In partnership with the North
Oasis achieve a 73% reduction in the number of reportable
Dakota Industrial Commission’s Research Council, we used
spills from 2017 to 2020.
existing electrokinetic technology to harness renewable
solar energy to remove unwanted contaminants from the
soil. Not only did this process address the contamination,
it had the added benefit of keeping the soil intact with
Reportable Spills minimal disturbance.
Number of reportable spills We are proud to have partnered with the North Dakota
73% Industrial Commission’s Research Council on this innova-
tive process, and we are excited about the opportunity
to share this technology with other operators. At Oasis,
26 we strongly believe in the power of partnerships. When
17 18 reduction in industry and government work together, there are few
reportable spills problems we cannot solve.
7
from 2017–2020
2017 2018 2019 2020
18 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
Waste Management
Waste reduction is a priority for Oasis. We seek to be a
good neighbor by managing the waste generated by our
operations and in our offices.
Our work can generate both hazardous and non-hazardous
waste from our drilling and production operations. To min-
imize our impact on the environment, promote consistent
waste management across Oasis field offices and limit the
risk and liability of handling and disposing of waste, we
maintain a Waste Management and Minimization Plan. In the
plan, we identify Oasis’ practices for waste and recyclable
collection, containerization, storage, and handling of waste.
We also look for opportunities to minimize waste by repur-
posing waste streams. For example, we have taken steps
to ensure that our engine oil is repurposed as heat oil and
that our spent rods and other metals are recycled or used
in the agriculture industry. Oasis continues to seek new
ways to improve the management of waste disposal and to
reduce waste generation.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 19
OASIS PETROLEUM
SOCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY
We are committed to the safety of our employees, our contractors,
and the communities in which we live and work. We value the deep
connections we have with our neighbors and we strive to engage
with and support them in meaningful ways.
20 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 21
OASIS PETROLEUM
We successfully implemented
We are transitioning our safety our crisis management program
focus from lagging indicators throughout the COVID-19
to leading indicators such pandemic, maintaining safety
as hazard identification. and business continuity.
HEALTH, SAFETY, &
THE WORKPLACE
 NOTE Health, Safety, and the Workplace Overview
Unless otherwise noted, the informa- The oil and gas industry has many inherent risks. Our daily operations involve
tion and data in this report cover Oasis
large and powerful machinery, hazardous chemicals, and flammable materials.
Petroleum's upstream E&P operations for
Our teams work outside in sometimes extreme temperatures, and they drive
the calendar year that ended on Decem-
ber 31, 2020, and data comparisons are tens of millions of miles each year. A strong safety culture is a requirement in our
based on 2019 to 2020 changes. industry. Our safety performance is an integral part of evaluating employee per-
formance and compensation, promoting transparency and accountability for our
employees and our contractors to identify and report potential hazards and stop
RESOURCES
work when necessary. Everyone who works for and with us can halt operations to
Environmental, Health, and address a safety issue at any time. We strive to be incident-free every day.
Safety (EHS) Commitment and
Safety Oversight
Accountability Statement
EHS Minimum Requirements At Oasis, the NESG Committee has direct responsibility for oversight of our poli-
for Contractors cies and programs related to protecting the health and safety of our workers and
EHS Management System communities. We provide safety updates to our NESG Committee on a quarterly
basis. Our EHS Commitment and Accountability Statement sets the groundwork
and solidifies our leadership’s commitment to establishing objectives, committing
resources, and evaluating our performance. The Oasis Safety Leadership Team
(SLT), which consists of senior operational leaders throughout the organization,
meets regularly with Oasis management to drive and continuously improve our
safety strategy. The SLT coordinates with the Oasis Safety Steering Team to keep
field operations aligned with that strategy.
To execute on our safety commitments, our EHS and Regulatory teams, consist-
ing of managers, representatives, and specialists, work to verify that our assets
are constructed, maintained, and operated in compliance with applicable local,
state, and federal EHS regulations and Oasis policies and standards. Our safe-
ty advisors and leaders work directly with operations personnel to monitor our
health and safety practices, provide feedback, and make recommendations for
continuous improvement.
22 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
We invest in professional
When recruiting, our goal development programs that
is to have a robust talent help our employees tackle com-
pool that includes women plex problems and apply their
and minorities. ideas in unconventional ways.
33% 43% >1,500 >30% 34%
reduction in reduction in hours of EHS training of employee directors minorities in our
Total Recordable contractor TRIR completed by employees and general managers professional workforce
Incident Rate (TRIR) are women
Safety Management System
Our comprehensive EHS management system provides a
framework within which management can achieve and as-
sess safety performance systematically. We focus on sound
risk management and decision-making to drive efficient and
cost-effective operations, manage compliance, and integrate
continuous improvement of programs and practices into
the business. Through design and asset integrity, to day-to-
day operating programs and procedures, to monitoring and
continuously improving our performance, the management
system is a key framework that supports a culture of execut-
ing our tasks safely and responsibly.
EHS Management System
Framework 0
A1 ssurance, 1
Commitment
Review
& Accountability
& Improvement
9
Monitoring, Policies
Reporting & Strategic
& Learning Leadership 2Objectives
8 3
PE rem pe ar rg ee dn nc ey s s Implementation FUNDAT MH EE N TALS ManaR gis ek m ent O Rrg ea sn oi uz ra ct eio sn ,
& Capability
4
Awareness, Continuous Risk
7Training & Improvement Management
Competency
5
6
Programs & Asset Design
Procedures & Integrity
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 23
OASIS PETROLEUM
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
HEALTH, SAFETY, & THE WORKPLACE CONT
“
Our COVID-19 Response We have faced unprecedented chal-
lenges with the COVID-19 pandemic.
During 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic caused significant
disruption to our communities, the economy, our industry, It has changed the way we live, work,
and our families. Throughout these challenging times, Oasis
has remained committed to meeting our dual priorities of and communicate. When the pandem-
employee health and safety and business continuity. ic started, we acted swiftly, ensuring
At the beginning of the pandemic, our management team
that we could continue to operate
activated our Crisis Management Team (CMT), who quickly
launched a proactive response to protect the health and safety effectively and safely. We did this
of our employees, contractors, and the communities we serve.
thanks to the extraordinary commit-
We took immediate actions to adhere to Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention (CDC) recommendations regarding ment, passion, and dedication of
social distancing and limited public exposure. We communicat-
ed frequently, quickly, and clearly to our employees, confirming our employees.”
our commitment to protecting their health and safety.
Taylor Reid, Oasis President and Chief Operating Officer (COO)
We have employees who conduct a range of operations and
services essential to continued critical infrastructure viability.
Therefore, our offices remained open and we adopted a work-
from-home system for office-based employees. At operating
sites, we deployed additional safety protocols in order to keep We have identified and implemented a number of measures
field-based employees and contractors safe while continuing in the workplace that can help limit the spread of COVID-19
to execute operations without material disruption. Like many and that adhere with CDC recommendations. We continue to
others, we made effective use of streaming video and live on- review the guidelines from federal, state, and local officials to
line meetings. The Oasis technology team worked tirelessly to promote the safety of our workforce and other stakeholders,
make the company’s networks accessible, reliable, and secure particularly in connection with our employees’ return to the
as our employees and their families sheltered safely at home. office, which we completed in the spring of 2021. We returned
Throughout the pandemic, we maintained frequent formal and in phases, with a framework for exceptions when needed, and
informal communication with our workforce to update them our employees had fully returned to the office by the end of
on our plans and foster a sense of connection. April 2021.
The Oasis EHS management system has four fundamen- In 2020, our TRIR was 0.65, a 33% reduction compared
tal elements – leadership, risk management, continuous to 2019. We are proud of our improved safety performance,
improvement, and implementation – and ten elements that, but achieving safety results is a never-ending journey.
together, support the effective functioning of the system. In pursuit of our goal to continuously improve, we are
transitioning our focus from lagging indicators to lead-
Workforce Safety
ing indicators such as hazard identification. Our front-line
employees identify and report potential hazards, and our
The safety of our employees, contractors, and communi-
operations leadership team reviews and takes appropriate
ties is of utmost importance to us. We expect everyone to
actions to address those hazards. We investigate all safety
actively participate in making Oasis a safe place to work.
incidents and near misses, take corrective actions, and
Our commitment to safety extends to the highest levels share lessons learned.
of our company, including our Board of Directors. In turn,
our workforce is empowered to do what is necessary to
perform work safely and stop work if they identify a poten-
tial safety risk. Safety performance is integrated into the
annual performance-based cash incentive awards for all
employees. Our goal is for each employee and contractor
to leave work each day safe and in good health.
24 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
Total Recordable Days Away, Restricted Training Hours Preventable Vehicle
Incident Rate or Transferred scale Incident Rate
incidents per 200,000 cases per 200,000 00inci%dents per million
work hours work hours miles traveled
000
1.05
>1,500increase from 2018–20207.58
0.98 0.33 0.33
0.30 5.84
0.78 000
0.65 0.22 hours of EHS 4.83 4.63
training c0o00mp0l0e0ted
000 000
by employees
000
in 2020
2017 2018 2019 2020 2017 2018 2019 2020 14 15 16 17 18 192017 202018 2019 2020
Safety Training Contractor Requirements
During new-hire orientation, employees learn the safety As part of our comprehensive EHS management system,
behaviors we expect from them every day on the job. We we undertake regular internal and external environmental
give employees the training and tools needed to complete and safety audits, including contractor safety audits.
their jobs safely and are constantly evaluating and improv-
Our EHS Minimum Requirements for Contractors specify
ing our safety training program. Safety-related training is
the standards and practices that all contractor personnel
offered both online and in-person and is determined by
must adhere to while performing work for Oasis. Before
job-specific needs and requirements. If an employee works
commencing work on an Oasis site, every contractor must
in the field or conducts field visits, they must complete a
complete our Contractor Participation Plan Certification,
safety briefing or orientation before commencing work. Our
certifying that all of the contractor’s employees and sub-
training reinforces our requirement to report any incident,
contractors have reviewed our contractor requirements.
near-miss, or potential hazard immediately and remain
accountable for our own and others’ safety.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 25
 | 0
 | 


 | 0
 | 


OASIS PETROLEUM
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
HEALTH, SAFETY, & THE WORKPLACE CONT
In addition, we have established Contractor Safety
Requirements for all contractors performing work for us.
Contractors are assigned a tiered risk level based on the
Partnering to Promote Safety
types of activities they execute on behalf of Oasis. We
also use an external resource to evaluate contractor safety We believe that by partnering with safety-focused organi-
and environmental performance and their programs and zations and programs, we can learn from each other and
procedures for managing their EHS performance. As a guid- collectively improve the safety performance of our indus-
try as a whole. Some of our safety partnerships include:
ing principle, Oasis requires high-quality, environmentally
sound, and safe work from our contractors. We continually North Dakota Safety Council
work to raise the level of contractor safety performance The North Dakota Safety Council is a non-profit organi-
through training and engagement. zation driven by a passionate group of dedicated safety
advocates who are devoted to keeping families whole.
Vehicle Safety They strive to instill a safety mindset in all aspects of life.
Their mission is to prevent injuries and save lives.
We have implemented several initiatives to promote
We partner with the North Dakota Safety Council to
vehicle safety to all personnel, with the goal of keeping provide training specific to production and midstream
our workforce and the roads in our communities safer. For operations across the Williston Basin, and to share best
example, Oasis requires all personnel who are assigned a practices with and learn from our peers in the industry.
company vehicle to complete Safe Driver Training. We work North Dakota Petroleum Council
with Smith System™, a leader in crash-avoidance driver The North Dakota Petroleum Council’s (NDPC) purpose
safety training, to help our workforce improve their skills. is to provide government relations support to the more
We regularly communicate driving policies and rules as than 500 companies it represents. NDPC is supported by
members of the American Petroleum Institute (API) who
needed through companywide communications, including
have interests in the state.
our policy to conduct drug and alcohol screening following
We are a founding member of the NDPC’s One Basin One
an incident with a company driver behind the wheel and our
Way program, which provides a standardized safety orien-
no exception requirement to use seat belts. We have also
tation developed by producers and contractors specific to
installed a GPS-based in-fleet monitoring system on all com- oil and gas activity in the Williston Basin. The standardized
pany vehicles, which tracks and records vehicle locations and curriculum emphasizes job hazards that occur in the area
driving behaviors that feed into our driving scorecards. We due to extreme cold temperatures, windy conditions, and
road and highway congestion.
provide coaching and training when high-risk driving behav-
iors are observed in the GPS monitoring data.
Process Safety
Crisis Management and
We identify and then eliminate or mitigate process safety Emergency Response
risks associated with our operations by employing struc-
tured programs that serve as preventative safeguards Oasis maintains a strong emphasis on training for effective
and help us avoid incidents. emergency response capabilities. Although prevention is
key, we recognize that emergencies may occur, and we
Oasis takes a comprehensive approach to managing pro-
must be prepared to respond safely, quickly, and effectively.
cess safety. Process safety refers to the equipment, proce-
dures, and training that prevent the uncontrolled release of We are focused on various potential events that could
hydrocarbons and hazardous substances. Our Process Safe- impact our employees, assets, business, environment, or
ty Management (PSM)/Risk Management Program (RMP) the communities we serve. In an emergency, life safety is
supports the development of procedures for process safety our top priority. We utilize the Incident Command System
and contains requirements for preventing or minimizing the (ICS), a standardized approach for the command, control,
consequences of process safety events. Our PSM standard and coordination of response activities using a common
requires all applicable facilities to systematically analyze and hierarchy, which allows Oasis and external responders to
identify potential hazards in the design, construction, start- operate more effectively as a team when required. ICS
up, operation, inspection, maintenance, and modification of is a component of the United States Federal Emergency
facilities. Our approach utilizes the 14 elements of process Response Agency’s (FEMA) National Incident Management
safety defined by the United States Government’s Occupa- System (NIMS).
tional Safety and Health Administration (OSHA).
26 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
“
We have a robust crisis manage-
ment and emergency response
program – which we constantly
test, review and improve – to pre-
pare us for a range of possible
hazards. We plan for safe, inci-
dent-free operations, but are pre-
pared for a range of potential
threats. At the end of the day, we
want everyone who works for or
with us to go home safely.”
Brady Crouch, Oasis Managing Director, EHS and Regulatory
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 27
OASIS PETROLEUM
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
HEALTH, SAFETY, & THE WORKPLACE CONT
Emergency Preparedness and Response Our emergency response plans are reviewed annually
and updated as needed. Like others in our industry, we
Our emergency preparedness and response systems are
utilize a technical response planning software application
regularly tested and constantly enhanced based on lessons
called SMARTPLAN™ to manage and maintain our facility
learned, experience, and best practices within and beyond
and area-specific response plans. This secure, cloud-based
our industry. We conduct emergency response training,
platform allows us to easily access our most recently
including full-scale exercises and tabletop drills, at least
updated response plans, details our internal notification
once a year.
workflow, and allows us to track and manage all the details
We partner proactively with first responders, emergency of a crisis in real-time during an event. After every exercise
management groups, industry associations, and local, state, and actual response, we document areas for improvement
and federal agencies to prepare for potential emergencies. and best practices.
We maintain a 24/7 control center which monitors and Crisis Management
responds to emergencies per our companywide Emergency
The CEO or COO activates Oasis’ CMT to support events
Planning and Response Program, a key element of our EHS
or incidents large enough in scale or complexity to pose
management system. A public hotline connects directly to
a risk to our business at the enterprise level. Examples
the control center to facilitate and streamline communica-
include but are not limited to emergency response activities
tion. We maintain emergency response plans for and trained
that are prolonged and require coordination at the state
personnel in all operational areas. In addition, technical sub-
and national levels and events that impact or have the
ject matter experts and other command staff are available
potential to impact business continuity, like cyberattacks
in the Houston, Texas, office to support response activities.
or natural disasters.
We also have an Incident Management Assist Team (IMAT)
comprised of pre-identified key individuals we call upon to The CMT was activated twice in the last four years to
fill in specific positions within the ICS structure or provide respond to enterprise-level threats. In August 2017, a subset
subject matter expertise specific to an incident. of the CMT responded to the impacts of Hurricane Harvey
in Houston, Texas, and in March 2020, we activated the
CMT to respond to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
When emergencies and incidents occur, our training and
continuous improvement efforts enable us to protect our
workforce, communities, and assets.
White Earth Bay Exercise
We maintain a strong emphasis on training for effective emer-
gency response capabilities. One of our recent trainings includ-
ed a boom deployment exercise in White Earth Bay, North Da-
kota. The exercise was a collaborative effort between Oasis, the
Army Corps of Engineers, and many state and federal agencies,
including the National Response Center, the EPA, OSHA, the
NDDEQ, and the North Dakota Industrial Commission, as well
as county-level Emergency Planning Commission groups.
The exercise included 20 participants and the deployment
of 500 feet of boom into the bay, with the assistance of two
boats. Planning for the unexpected and conducting training for
both employees and local and state representatives is just one
of the many ways Oasis works to be a responsible member of
the community.
28 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
Our People and Culture
Oasis employs a talented workforce. We value each
Workplace Practices at a Glance
other’s ideas and contributions and foster a respectful
workplace where we appreciate differences and work Total Compensation
toward common goals. Our culture is guided by our core Our total compensation includes a competitive base
values and a shared mission. pay and a short-term incentive program that includes
bonus targets with a multiplier based on company and
Oasis seeks to create a culture of trust, integrity, and individual performance.
accountability. Our goal is for our employees to embrace
Retirement Savings Plan
their roles and motivate each other to be their best and
Our employees are eligible for a 401K plan on the date
do the right thing, always. We want our employees to take of hire with 100% immediate vesting. Our company also
ownership of their work and make an impact every day. provides 401K matching dollar-for-dollar up to 6%.
With strong leadership and a passionate team, we believe
Health Insurance
we will continue to achieve our personal and collective
Our employees’ health insurance plans are effective on
goals. We reinforce a culture of connection and openness the date of hire with 30 days to enroll. We offer a Pre-
through quarterly town halls, access to senior leadership, ferred Provider Organization (PPO) plan, a High Deduct-
team-building events, and frequent communication with ible Health Plan (HDHP), healthcare flexible spending
accounts (FSA), healthcare savings accounts (HSA), and
our employees about strategy and workplace matters.
dental and vision coverage. Both employees and families
Attracting and Retaining Top Performers are eligible for coverage.
Income Protection and Disability Coverage
At Oasis, we believe there is a difference between finding
Our employees’ income protection and disability coverage
good people and finding the best people. We also think
is effective on date of hire with 30 days to enroll. We offer
there is a difference between retaining employees and
paid short-term and long-term disability coverage, paid
helping them reach their full potential. We aim to attract Life and Accidental Death & Dismemberment coverage,
the best people who are talented and passionate about additional Life and Accidental Death & Dismemberment
their work every day. We invest in benefits and professional coverage for purchase for employees and family members,
and company paid business travel accident insurance.
development programs that will enable them to reach their
potential and perform at their best. Alternate Work Schedule
Our alternate work schedule (9/80) allows for flexible
We monitor our workforce practices and training and
work schedules for most employees. By working an
development to verify that they meet our employees’ additional hour on eight of nine workdays during a given
needs and Oasis’ business needs. We also regularly monitor 10-day period, employees can take off every other Friday,
voluntary employee turnover, broken down by geography resulting in 26 additional days off per year.
and operating unit. Our voluntary turnover rate has fallen Life Assistance Program
steadily since 2014, and our 2020 voluntary turnover rate Our Life Assistance Program provides confidential support
is below the United States national average, according to for employees and their families free of charge for a vari-
the Mercer North America Turnover Survey, 2018. ety of life’s challenges. Through the plan, our employees
have access to experienced attorneys, financial experts,
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion elder-care consultants, childcare, and concierge services
365 days a year, 24 hours a day.
We believe in the value of diversity, equity, and inclusion.
Additional Benefits
Employing and empowering a diverse workforce gives
We also offer paid holidays, paid sick time, paid vacation
us a competitive advantage in our ability to innovate,
with credit given for previous work experience, paid
pivot, and meet the challenges of tomorrow. Listening parking or bus passes, a monthly gym or fitness subsidy,
to different perspectives is a fundamental aspect of diver- paid military leave, paid parental leave, and a variety of
sity, equity, and inclusion, and it is a core element of Oasis’ wellness resources.
culture. We believe in a corporate culture that encourages
all employees to bring their unique perspectives and
backgrounds to work every day and know that their
voices are valued and respected.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 29
OASIS PETROLEUM
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
HEALTH, SAFETY, & THE WORKPLACE CONT
30 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
We regularly review the demographics of our employees with the goal of
advancing diversity at all levels, and we are actively working to continue to improve
the diversity of our workforce. When recruiting for open positions our goal is to
have a robust talent pool that includes women and minorities. Creating a thriving
and respectful culture that attracts and retains the best talent provides Oasis with
diversity of thought, insight, and perspective.
~25% +30%
Women make up approximately 25% of our mid-level Women hold over 30% of our director and general
management population management positions
In our professional workforce: In our total workforce:
34% 48% 47% 6% 33%
are minorities are women are over the age are veterans of our independent Board of Directors are
of 40 women and hold the important leadership
positions of Audit & Reserves Committee
Chair and NESG Committee Chair
Since 2017, we have:
24% 27%
Increased the proportion of our total minority workforce Increased the proportion of our total female workforce by 27%,
by 24%, our minority leaders by 9%, and our minority professional our female leaders by 5%, and our female professional workforce
workforce by 39% by 18%
Proportion of Minority Workforce Proportion of Female Workforce
% Minority % Female
(cid:31)39%
Professionals Professionals
(cid:29)18%
% Minority % Female
Leaders
(cid:31)9%
Leaders
(cid:29)5%
% Minority (cid:31)24% % Female (cid:29)27%
0% 5% 10% 15% 20% 25% 30% 35% 0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50%
(cid:30) 2020 (cid:31) 2020
(cid:30) 2019 (cid:31) 2019
(cid:30) 2018 (cid:31) 2018
(cid:30) 2017 (cid:31) 2017
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 31
% Minority
Professionals |  |  |  |  |  |  | (cid:31)39%
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
% Minority
Leaders |  |  |  |  |  |  | (cid:31)9%
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
% Minority |  |  |  |  |  |  | (cid:31)24%
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 


% Female
Professionals |  |  |  |  | (cid:29)18%
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
% Female
Leaders |  |  |  |  | (cid:29)5%
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
% Female |  |  |  |  | (cid:29)27%
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  | 


OASIS PETROLEUM
All of our leaders receive annual training on the importance Employee Engagement
of fostering an inclusive environment and reinforcing our
Effective and frequent communication is a top priority
expectations for equal opportunity in daily employment
at Oasis. We believe that sharing information with our
decisions. We regularly review our employment actions to
employees, celebrating our successes, and seeking im-
inform our good-faith initiatives and uphold our high fair
provement opportunities drive growth. In 2020, we utilized
employment standards. In 2020, we provided management
performance reviews, executive breakfasts, town halls,
training on several topics, including disability awareness,
small group meetings, and motivational-based interview
diversity and inclusion, reasonable accommodations in
training to directly engage our employees. We also use the
the workplace, and promoting respect in the workplace.
company intranet and safety meetings in the field to share
We continue to look for opportunities to further enhance information and connect with employees in a timely and
and improve our relationships with organizations that can meaningful way.
help us create a workforce representative of the communi-
Our quarterly Oasis Executive Breakfast meetings provide
ties we serve. We have enhanced our presence and rela-
opportunities for staff at various levels to engage in con-
tionships with organizations such as the Society of Women
versations with our executive team regarding our goals,
Engineers and Mines Veterans Alliance through our campus
strategy, and other open items. They also offer an opportuni-
recruiting efforts. We also participate in events for non-
ty for employees to interact cross-functionally. We continued
profit organizations such as Combined Arms and Veterans
our Oasis Executive Breakfast meetings virtually throughout
Affairs, which supports inclusion for veterans with disabili-
the pandemic to foster a continued sense of connection.
ties, and the Texas Conference for Women, which promotes
In addition, our Oasis Town Halls are available to our entire
and amplifies the influence of women in the workplace
employee population following board meetings and earnings
and beyond. We have taken an active role in our partnership
calls to create alignment and reinforce our path forward
with NextOp, an organization that recruits, trains, and
as a company.
places high-performing middle-enlisted military leaders
into industry careers. Each year, our executive team recognizes employees who
live out the Oasis culture and values or have been key con-
tributors to our company’s mission, vision, and strategy with
a Presidential Coin Award. Since 2015, 45 employees have
received the award.
32 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
HEALTH, SAFETY, & THE WORKPLACE CONT
During our annual manager’s offsite meeting, we identify Development Plan Process
a number of yearly strategic company initiatives, which are
implemented by a team of Oasis employees and sponsored
Assess Capabilities
by senior executives within the company. Throughout the
year, the initiative teams meet with their executive sponsors
to review their progress and achievements. This program
provides team members with an opportunity to directly
engage with senior executives, make connections across
different levels of the organization, and contribute to Oasis’
strategic focus areas. It is one example of how we are devel-
oping tomorrow’s Oasis leaders, today.
Learning and Development Development Process
Gets Better Every Day
We invest in professional development programs that
will enable our employees to reach their potential, perform
Apply and Evaluate Acquire Skills
at their best, tackle complex problems, and apply ideas Knowledge and Skills and Knowledge
and energy in unconventional ways.
We believe that personal and professional development
leads to greater knowledge and abilities and contributes
to a more passionate, creative, innovative, efficient, and
competitive workforce. We are focused on helping our
We know that an effective leadership training program
employees enhance the skills they need for their current
results in increased employee retention and engagement
positions while developing the skills and knowledge they
and positively impacts our business. Among other train-
need for future opportunities with Oasis. We are also
ing, our leaders participate in motivational-based interview
focused on providing growth opportunities and career
training, in which we incorporate the importance of diversity
potential for women and minorities. Through engagement
and the career pathways for developing our people.
with our employees about their personal development
goals and ongoing identification of business needs, we We regularly monitor our learning and development pro-
have successfully trained qualified Oasis female employees grams for our leaders and our entire workforce. We contin-
and rotated them into technical jobs that are traditionally ue to look for ways to encourage our workforce to expand
and predominantly filled by male employees. By dedicating their knowledge and skills, share their expertise, and apply
time and resources to further develop our current employees, their creativity.
we are able to help them meet their goals, bridge a gender
gap, and fulfill a business need.
In 2018, we implemented an in-house performance and
learning management system referred to as the Oasis
Academy for Success (OAS). The OAS provides a core
curriculum that is available to all employees and supports
competency areas within each career pathway to enhance
the knowledge, behaviors, and skills necessary to succeed
at all levels. On average, our employees complete 18 train-
ings per year, including safety training, compliance training,
and individual development training.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 33
OASIS PETROLEUM
We adopted a Human Rights Policy We value our relationships with
that outlines our commitment to our stakeholders and prioritize
operating in a manner consistent working together for the benefit
with human rights expectations. of the communities we serve.
COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT
 NOTE Community Engagement Overview
Unless otherwise noted, the informa- Our culture of integrity and accountability extends to all stakeholders and we
tion and data in this report cover Oasis
are committed to having a positive impact on the communities where we live
Petroleum's upstream E&P operations for
and work. We value the deep connections we have with our neighbors. We strive
the calendar year that ended on Decem-
ber 31, 2020, and data comparisons are to develop relationships built on trust, cooperation, and respect, and to support
based on 2019 to 2020 changes. them in meaningful ways. We prioritize working with others to find solutions
that benefit the communities and stakeholders we serve.
RESOURCES Stakeholder Engagement
Human Rights Policy Being a good neighbor means taking the time to listen. Understanding and
addressing the interests of communities where we operate is critical to maintain-
ing a sustainable business.
Every day, Oasis engages with various stakeholders, including our employees and
their families, landowners, lawmakers, contractors, vendors, service companies,
shareholders, regulators, and neighbors. We believe that proactive consultation
with stakeholders is beneficial to both the company and the community.
The landowners we work with are an essential part of our business. We take pride
in building solid and lasting relationships with our surface and royalty owners. We
strive to work closely with them and are committed to being transparent and pro-
viding ongoing engagement opportunities. We believe that timely and accurate
communication is critical. Our goal is to provide all owners with a level of service
that is beyond expectation.
In 2021, we announced the acquisition of additional acreage in the Williston Basin
in North Dakota. As we move forward on this exciting addition to our portfolio,
we look forward to working closely with the Three Affiliated Tribes on the Fort
Berthold Indian Reservation. Our commitment and respect for the communities
where we do business is a fundamental component of our operations. Developing
a positive and sustainable relationship with the Three Affiliated Tribes through
constructive and meaningful engagement is a priority for us.
We recognize that our actions can affect our neighbors, and we strive to minimize
those inconveniences as much as possible. Before starting any work, we utilize
drone data of existing conditions and then add our proposed development into
34
We are committed to strengthen- We take pride in building solid
ing the communities we serve by and lasting relationships with our
supporting programs focused on surface and royalty owners and
education, community develop- aim to provide a level of service
ment, and health and wellness. that is beyond expectation.
$4.5M 3,000 24/7
contributed to community volunteer hours confidential compliance
initiatives since 2010 logged hotline
Finding Solutions through Stakeholder Engagement
We truly believe that engagement with our stakeholders is traffic near Oasis’ existing production facilities and private
mutually beneficial for our company and the communities homes, so we engaged with stakeholders to find a mutually
we serve. In 2019, we worked successfully with local govern- beneficial alternative. In the end, with the agreement of land-
ment officials, regulators, industry groups, and landowners in owners, Oasis helped support the construction of a new road,
Williston, North Dakota, to develop infrastructure for a new improving traffic flow and boasting an impressive view of the
airport. As construction progressed, we became aware that airport. Many constituencies came together to achieve this
the planned use of an existing county road as the main route positive outcome, and we are proud to be one of them.
to and from the airport would result in significantly more road
Williston Wins – Benefitting all Stakeholders
City Improvement Landowners Benefit
Road infrastructure and Airport development
community development and area beautification
Oasis Becomes a
Part of the Community
Employees engrained
in the community
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 35
 |  |  | 
 |  |  | 
 |  |  | 


OASIS PETROLEUM
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT CONT
a 3D model to evaluate the visual aesthetics from different Top Oasis Contributions
points of view, including existing residences, roadways, or 15% Since 2010
areas of public gathering. We identify any obstacles and
make any needed adjustments or site improvements to limit
(cid:31) $2,311,532 in Education
noise or visual impairment. (cid:31) $1,390,651 in Community
$4.4 million (cid:31) $678,775 in Health & Wellness
Most of our construction activities are not close to heavily of contributions 53%
populated areas and generally only last from three to eight
weeks. We always work closely with local municipalities and
32%
counties to verify that our proposed developments adhere
to local plans and requirements. When we begin developing
drilling and spacing units, we make adjustments to the pad
location, if needed, to avoid topographical challenges, drain-
age ways, existing residences, or heavily populated areas.
Then, if conditions are feasible from the adjusted location,
Education
we review any federal survey requirements and adjust the
pad location again, if needed. Following that process, we Our company, communities, and industry need an educated
refine pad locations and access points to accommodate and innovative workforce to grow and thrive. Oasis invests
local traffic or any landowner concerns. in educating and empowering traditionally underserved
groups. Our education support includes:
Philanthropy and Volunteerism
• OneGoal – Since 2012, Oasis has partnered with OneGoal
We do not just operate in communities, we live in them.
to help students from low-income communities earn a
We are committed to strengthening communities by
college degree.
supporting programs that address social needs.
• Gateway to Science – Gateway to Science is a science
Contributing to special charities and local communities to center in North Dakota focused on igniting a passion
which we belong is one way we stay true to our core values. for science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM)
We are committed to responsibly deploying our financial in students of all ages through hands-on programs and
resources, time, and talent in ways that yield tangible and outreach. Oasis’ support helped build the new Gateway
measurable results. We recognize the generosity and ded- to Science building that will include an interactive exhibit
ication of our employees to the communities in which they gallery in Bismarck, North Dakota.
live through programs that support volunteerism and giving.
• Williston State College – We partner with Williston State
To help build strong communities, we focus our philanthropy College to recruit for entry-level positions in the field.
on national and local organizations focused on education,
Community Development
community development, and health and wellness. In 2018,
we implemented a companywide system to track and log We support various organizations focused on developing
volunteer hours, and since then, our employees have logged the communities we serve, including first responders, parks,
over 3,000 volunteer hours and over $300,000 in donations food banks, and many others. Some of the organizations we
to fundraising events. Between 2010 and 2020, Oasis con- support include:
tributed approximately $4.4 million to education, commu-
• The Hay Center – Since 2012, Oasis has provided fund-
nity, and health and wellness organizations in North Dakota
ing and mentorship to current or former foster students
and Texas.
through the Hay Center, an organization designed to help
foster youth transition into successful adults.
Oasis 2018–2020
Notable Partnerships
36 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
• North Dakota Community Foundation – We provided Human Rights
support to the North Dakota Community Foundation
following a devastating tornado in 2018 in Watford City, We are committed to human rights in the workplace. This
North Dakota, and surrounding areas. Our donation commitment includes respecting the dignity and worth of
helped provide clothing, food, and hotel rooms for im- individuals and assisting them in reaching their potential.
pacted residents. Our employees also volunteered to
In February 2021, the Oasis Board of Directors adopted a
help with clean-up efforts in the community.
Human Rights Policy. Through our policy, we have com-
• Powers Lake Rural Fire Protection District – We provided mitted to operating our business in a manner consistent
support to the Powers Lake Rural Fire Protection District with human rights expectations, including the philosophy
to purchase a new fire truck, improving their ability to expressed in the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of
respond to fires. Human Rights and the principles articulated in the Inter-
national Labor Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental
Health and Wellness
Principles and Rights at Work.
Our health and wellness donations support drug and
Specifically, Oasis recognizes its responsibility with regards
alcohol treatment, disease and disability research (cancer,
to workforce diversity and inclusion, workplace health and
diabetes, autism, multiple sclerosis, etc.), and local hospitals.
safety, a workplace free from harassment or any form of
Some of the organizations we support include:
discrimination, accessibility for persons with disabilities,
• McKenzie County Healthcare Systems: We provided freedom of association, the prohibition of forced and child
support for an administrative wing in the new medical labor, complying with all laws regarding hours and wages,
center in Watford City, North Dakota, a rural community and employee privacy.
growing faster than the healthcare systems’ infrastructure
Our Policy applies to all Oasis employees; those doing
could support.
business with, for, or on behalf of Oasis; all Oasis locations;
• MS-150: Oasis team riders have raised approximately and all other sites where Oasis business is conducted. We
$250,000 for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society via also expect contractors and companies with which we do
their yearly MS-150 bike ride. business to respect our commitments related to human
• Bike to the Beach: Through Bike to the Beach, Oasis rights and all other Oasis policies.
team riders have raised approximately $116,000 for orga-
All employees are responsible for compliance with our
nizations that support the needs of children with autism.
Human Rights Policy. Employees are encouraged to raise
any concerns with their supervisor, Oasis’ human resources
or legal departments, or report to our 24/7 confidential
compliance hotline.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 37
OASIS PETROLEUM
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
At Oasis, we are committed to operating our business responsibly,
ethically, and in a manner aligned with the interests of our
shareholders. We believe that sustainable and effective corporate
governance promotes the long-term interests of our shareholders
and helps build public trust in our company.
38 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 39
OASIS PETROLEUM
Our bylaws require our directors
to stand for election annually and Our executive compensation
offer their resignation if they do program is designed to better
not receive more votes for their align management compensation
election than against. with shareholder interests.
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
 NOTE Corporate Governance Overview
Unless otherwise noted, the informa- Good corporate governance creates a business environment that is conducive
tion and data in this report cover Oasis
to long-term investments and sustainable economic growth. Our commitment
Petroleum's upstream E&P operations for
to the highest standards of professional and personal conduct is embedded in
the calendar year that ended on Decem-
ber 31, 2020, and data comparisons are our culture and lived out through our daily interactions.
based on 2019 to 2020 changes.
The framework for our corporate governance can be found in our Corporate
Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and NESG Com-
RESOURCES mittee Charter, but we believe that corporate governance is more than a set of
written principles and practices. Oasis’ approach to corporate governance seeks
Bylaws
to promote communication, transparency, and accountability, as well as strategic
Corporate Governance Guidelines thinking about enterprise risks that affect business strategy decisions. In 2021,
Financial Code of Ethics the Board of Directors has overseen the development of our enterprise risk
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics management (ERM) program, through which we identify enterprise risks and
mitigation strategies.
Related Persons Transactions Policy
Insider Trading Policy We continuously assess our corporate governance principles and practices to
Short-Swing Trading and determine if they are effective and keeping pace with the ever-changing world in
Reporting Policy which we operate and the evolving needs of our stakeholders. To facilitate leading
Charter of the Board’s Audit and boardroom practices, we provide access to education resources through our
Reserves Committee corporate membership in the National Association of Corporate Directors. We
Charter of the Board’s Compensation review all of our governance practices and procedures annually, or more often
Committee if business needs warrant.
Charter of the Board’s Nominating,
Board of Directors
Environmental, Social, and
Governance Committee
At Oasis, our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing governance for
Human Rights Policy
the benefit of our shareholders.
Oasis’ CEO directly oversees the company’s business. The Board of Directors,
which the company’s shareholders elect, oversees management and assures
that the long-term interests of the shareholders are being served. Oasis’ Board
of Directors plays a vital role in designing and monitoring our corporate gover-
nance practices.
40 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
We have developed a Cybersecurity Our Risk Committee conducted
Council that meets monthly to review an Enterprise Risk Assessment to
the current threat landscape and identify enterprise risks linked to
establish, implement, and update our strategic and financial priorities
our policies and procedures. and define mitigation strategies.
86% 2/3 75% 500+
of directors are of Board commit- of executive equity face-to-face
independent tees chaired by compensation tied meetings with
women to shareholder investors annually
returns
To ensure a strong and independent board, all non-employee
directors of the company are independent in accordance
with NASDAQ Standards, SEC rules and regulations, and
our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Corporate
Oasis Hires New CEO Governance Guidelines require the assessment of directors’
independence each year.
In April 2021, we appointed Daniel E. Brown as CEO of
Oasis. At the same time, Mr. Brown was also appointed to A director cannot be considered independent unless the
the Oasis Board of Directors. Mr. Brown has 23 years of Board of Directors affirmatively determines that he or she
experience in the oil and natural gas industry having spent
does not have any relationship with management or the
the majority of his career with Anadarko Petroleum Corpo-
company that may interfere with the exercise of his or her
ration. He is a registered professional engineer in the state
of Texas and serves on the board of Junior Achievement independent judgment.
of Southeast Texas. Mr. Brown holds a Bachelor of Science
Director Skills and Experience
in Mechanical Engineering from Texas A&M University and
a Master in Business Administration from Rice University,
We believe that a Board with diverse professional
where he was a Jones Scholar Award recipient.
experience; skills and background; and race, gender,
and other attributes enhances constructive dialogue and
decision-making. When considering new candidates,
“
the NESG Committee, with input from the Board, takes
these factors into account as well as other appropriate
On behalf of the Board of Direc-
characteristics, such as sound judgment, personal character,
tors, we are extremely pleased to and integrity. We believe our current Board reflects these
welcome Danny Brown to assume principles. With an average of over 30 years of industry
experience, our directors have held leadership roles across
our senior leadership role at Oasis.
the upstream, midstream, oil services, investing, banking,
Danny’s impeccable reputation and
advising, and finance industries. Furthermore, nearly
extensive industry experience in one-third of our directors are women, and they hold
the critical leadership positions of Audit & Reserves
a variety of leadership and oper-
Committee Chair and NESG Committee Chair.
ational positions at Anadarko and
Director Nomination and Accountability
Kerr-McGee make him the perfect
fit for our company.” Our belief in directors’ accountability is evident in our
bylaws, which require directors to stand for election annu-
Douglas E. Brooks, Oasis Board Chair ally and state that any director who receives more votes
“against” than “for” in an uncontested election must offer
to tender their resignation to the Board of Directors for
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 41
OASIS PETROLEUM
New Board Driving Our Strategic Plan
Douglas E. Brooks Daniel E. Brown Samantha F. John D. Jacobi
Holroyd
Oasis Roles / Committees Board Chair CEO; Director Chair of NESG; Chair of Comp;
A&R NESG
Industry Leadership • Marathon Oil • Anadarko • Golden Advisors • Javelin Energy
• Energy XXI • Kerr-McGee • Lantana Energy • Jacobi-Johnson
• Yates Petroleum • TPG Sixth Street • Covey Park
• Aurora Oil & Gas • Denham • CEO, Venado
• Royal Dutch Shell Oil & Gas
Current and Previous Board(s) • California Resources • Beacon Offshore • Gulfport Energy • Pioneer Energy
• Chaparral Energy • Western Midstream Services
• Madalena Energy • Guidon Energy • Comstock
• Energy XXI Resources
• Yates Petroleum
• Aurora Oil & Gas
Current or Past Public Company CEO ✓ ✓ ✓
or C-suite
E&P / Midstream Operations ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Capital Allocation / Investment ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Environmental, Health, and Safety ✓ ✓ ✓
Management
Mergers and Acquisitions ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
consideration. In such an event, the NESG Committee will Board Committees
determine whether to accept the resignation, subject to
The entire Board of Directors has responsibility for risk over-
approval by the full Board of Directors. Promptly following
sight of the company, with standing committees dedicated
a decision, the Board will publicly disclose its decision and
to specific risk areas. The Board of Directors currently has
a description of the process by which they reached it.
three standing committees: the Audit & Reserves Commit-
Additionally, eligible shareholders, or a group of up to
tee, the Compensation Committee, and the NESG Commit-
20 shareholders who have owned an aggregate of at least
tee. Each of our standing committees has a charter that is
3% of Oasis’ outstanding common stock continuously for
publicly available on our website at: oasispetroleum.com/
three years, may nominate a candidate for election to the
investors/corporate-governance.
Board and include the nominee in our proxy materials per
the company’s bylaws. In 2020, our Board of Directors held 40 meetings, the
Audit & Reserves Committee held five meetings, the
Compensation Committee held 11 meetings, and the NESG
Committee held six meetings. The attendance of all our cur-
rent and former directors exceeded 75% of the total number
of Board and committee meetings on which they served.
Attendance for Board and committee meetings averaged
99% for 2020. All of the Board members serving in April
2020 attended the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
42 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
N. John Robert J. McNally Cynthia L. Walker
Lancaster, Jr.
Comp; NESG A&R; Comp Chair of A&R;
Independent, experienced, and
NESG
aligned with shareholders
• Oyster Creek • EQT • Occidental
• Riverstone • EQM Midstream • Goldman Sachs
• CSFB • Precision Drilling
• Warrior Energy 86%
• Simmons & Co.
• Liberty Oilfield • Warrior Energy • Sempra Energy
• Magellan • Dalbo Holdings Independent
Midstream • EQT
• Cobalt • Summit • New Board provides an updated perspective
International Midstream • 33% of independent directors are women
• Aquadrill LLC
30+
✓ ✓
years of industry experience
✓ ✓ ✓ on average
• Leadership roles across upstream, midstream,
✓ ✓ ✓
oil services, investing, banking, advising,
and finance
✓ ✓
✓ ✓ ✓
Audit & Reserves Committee How to Contact Us
The Audit and Reserves Committee oversees Oasis’ accounting and financial reporting processes, Shareholders or other
including the integrity of the company’s financial statements, performance of the internal and exter- interested parties may
nal audit functions, the integrity of the estimates of the company’s reserves, and the performance contact any director or
of the company’s independent reservoir engineers. any committee of the
Board by writing to them:
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee oversees the compensation of Oasis’ officers and directors and c/o Corporate Secretary
administers the annual incentive compensation plan and the long-term incentive plan. The commit- Oasis Petroleum Inc.
tee also annually evaluates the performance of the CEO and other executive officers in light 1001 Fannin Street
of the company’s executive compensation goals and objectives, which are approved annually by Suite 1500
the committee. Houston, Texas 77002
Nominating, Environmental, Social & Governance (NESG) Committee All such communications
will be forwarded to the
The NESG Committee identifies and recommends potential Board and committee members,
appropriate member of
oversees evaluation of the Board’s performance and reviews, provides oversight of Oasis’ corporate
the Board.
governance, reviews policies and performance related to our ESG program, and oversees
the integration of sustainability into strategic and tactical business activities.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 43
OASIS PETROLEUM
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONT
“
Executive Pay
We are confident that progressive
We believe that attracting and retaining the most
qualified executives in the field is critical to our future features of our plan, including lower
value, growth, and sustainability. Providing a competitive base salaries, longer vesting schedules,
compensation package is necessary to accomplish
and comparisons to broader market
that objective.
returns better align our management
Our Board of Directors believes that the compensation
team with shareholders’ interests.
package for management should require a significant
portion of the total compensation package to be equi- Oasis is uniquely positioned with a
ty-based to align the interests of our officers with our best-in-class balance sheet, a quality
shareholders. In January 2021, our Board of Directors
and sustainable long-lived asset base,
approved and implemented a peer-leading compensation
program specifically designed to better align management and a rigorous new capital discipline
compensation with value creation, shareholder interests, that should translate into long-term
and the company’s new strategic objectives. Highlights
value creation for our shareholders.”
of our new executive compensation program include:
Douglas E. Brooks, Oasis Board Chair
• Strong “pay for performance” alignment with equity
compensation tied to absolute and relative shareholder
returns to be awarded in three equity vehicles, including:
> Absolute Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Performance Our 2020 Proxy Statement includes additional details
Share Units / Leveraged Stock Units comprise 50% regarding Oasis’ new executive compensation program.
of the total new long-term incentive (LTI) program; The Compensation Committee reviews our executive com-
compensation is dependent on absolute TSR measured pensation program on an ongoing basis to evaluate whether
against specific objectives over an extended period it supports our executive compensation philosophies and
objectives and is aligned with shareholder interests.
> Relative TSR Performance Share Units comprise 25%
of the LTI program; compensation is dependent on rela- Ethics and Compliance
tive TSR, with 50% benchmarked against industry peers
and 50% benchmarked against a broad market index Our commitment to ethical conduct is unwavering.
It enables us to live out all of our other values.
> Time-Vested Restricted Stock Units comprise 25% of
the LTI program; vest 25% per year over four years to We believe it is important to create, maintain, and enforce
promote retention of key executives clear frameworks for the company’s governance and
• For absolute and relative return-based grants, one-half of operations and the behavior of officers, directors, employ-
the award will be measured on three-year performance, ees, contractors, vendors, and intermediaries. Our Code of
with the remaining half on four-year performance Business Conduct and Ethics applies to directors, officers,
and employees of the company and outlines important
• Long-term incentive compensation is to be “front-loaded”
provisions governing:
with no additional grants to executives expected in 2022
and 2023 • Conflicts of interest
• Reductions in executive annual base salaries in • Vendors, suppliers, and contractors
conjunction with the implementation of the new returns-
• Foreign payments
focused program
• Health and safety
• Environmental responsibilities
• Non-discrimination
• Freedom of association
• Political contributions
44 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
2021 Compensation at a Glance
75% of Equity Compensation Based on Returns
3–4 Year Vesting Returns Driven Broad Market Benchmark
• Vesting schedule longer than • Absolute shareholder return limits • Component of PSU award tied to
industry peers upside if stock does not increase broad market index
in value
• Time horizon consistent with assessing • Benchmarking the company against
long-term value creation • Relative shareholder return gives some broader universe of investment
reward for outperforming the sector alternatives
Incentives Aligned with Long-Term Value Creation
Time-Based RSUs
25% 25% 25% 25%
Relative TSR PSUs vs Industry Peers
Relative TSR PSUs vs Broad-Based Index
Absolute TSR PSUs/LSUs
JAN 2021 JAN 2022 JAN 2023 JAN 2024 JAN 2025
Initial Grant No Grant No Grant Normal Grant TBD Normal Grant TBD
Longer vesting schedules and stringent returns criteria differentiate Oasis’ compensation program
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 45
 | 25 | % 25 | % 25
 | PSUs vs Industry Peers |  | 
 |  |  | 
 |  |  | 
 |  |  | 
 | PSUs vs Broad-Based Inde | x | 
 |  |  | 
 |  |  | 
 |  |  | 
 | PSUs/LSUs |  | 
 |  |  | 
 |  |  | 
 |  |  | 
 |  |  | 


OASIS PETROLEUM
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONT
We expect employees to speak up when someone continual conversations and outreach. As part of our formal
might be acting unethically. Reports can be made anony- shareholder outreach campaign, we invite shareholders
mously through an independent third party, either online holding 50% of outstanding shares (in aggregate) to meet
or by phone, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Oasis with us at least annually. We have more than 500 face-to-
regularly communicates the availability of this service face interactions with investors in a typical year, either indi-
to employees and posts the phone number and website vidually or in small groups. This outreach generates valuable
information in employee break rooms. Reports of violations feedback, which we report to our Board of Directors. For
of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are treated example, in 2019, we adopted a Proxy Access Bylaw after
confidentially. The company’s Compliance Officer reports discussions with our shareholders, and in 2020, shareholder
regularly to the Audit & Reserves and NESG Committees feedback informed some of the changes to our executive
regarding reports received through the hotline or otherwise. compensation program.
Any reports of violations of the company’s Financial Code
We continue to look for opportunities to report additional
of Ethics are required to be reported directly to the Audit
information that our shareholders value. We will continue to
& Reserves Committee Chair.
listen, engage, and respond to our shareholders as we work
Oasis does not permit any form of retribution or retalia- to implement and report our ESG programs in a transparent
tion against any person who makes a good-faith report of and meaningful manner.
known or suspected violations of the Code or suspected
Public Advocacy and Trade Associations
illegal or unethical conduct.
Shareholder Engagement To communicate our views on legislative and regulatory
matters affecting our operations and industry, we engage
We regularly engage with a wide range of stakeholders, in the process through various trade associations.
including our shareholders, to gain insights into and input
Oasis’ policy is not to utilize corporate funds to contribute
on issues, trends, best practices, and specific stakeholder
to any federal, state, or local political candidate or party,
interests and concerns. Building relationships with our
and we do not sponsor or administer a political action com-
shareholders helps Oasis anticipate and manage issues
mittee. We encourage our directors, officers, and employees
that influence the sustainability of our business.
to be civic-minded, and we support their right to partici-
We believe that delivering value to our shareholders re- pate, personally and financially, in the democratic process.
quires alignment. Shareholder outreach is an integral part However, the use of Oasis resources for such purposes,
of Oasis’ business practices. The company values its share- including employee time, company funds, and company
holders’ feedback on various important topics, including supplies, is not permitted.
our operations, corporate governance, and executive
compensation. Each year, our executive management team
members receive feedback from our investors through
46 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
Oasis pays membership dues to and is actively engaged Risk Management
with specific trade associations. We benefit from the time
and effort these trade associations spend working to edu- Identifying and managing risks is an essential process that
cate lawmakers and voters on issues relevant to the oil and touches every aspect of our business. We systematically
gas industry. Trade associations represent their collective manage risks to promote our sustainability.
membership, not individual member companies, and may
Our Board of Directors has primary oversight for risk
take positions on a wide variety of matters which Oasis
management, a role that includes overseeing the appropri-
does not necessarily support.
ate design and implementation of the company’s risk
In an effort towards aligning trade associations with our management program. The Board exercises risk manage-
values, Oasis retains positions of influence on the follow- ment oversight and control directly and through its
ing boards: committees. While each committee is responsible for
evaluating and overseeing certain risks, the entire Board
• North Dakota Petroleum Council
is regularly informed through committee reports and
• Montana Petroleum Association management about known risks.
• American Exploration and
In 2021, the Board of Directors has worked with Oasis
Production Council
management to formalize an ERM program. Through the
• Independent Petroleum program, we aim to increase strategic thinking about known
Association of America and emerging risks that affect business strategy decisions
• U.S. Oil and Gas Association and build out an infrastructure that supports the adoption
of adequate measures to manage risks related to business
Oasis is also an active member of the following trade
activities. To date, in 2021, Oasis has made significant prog-
associations:
ress on the formalized ERM framework. We have established
• U.S. Chamber of Commerce a Risk Committee made up of members of senior manage-
• Western Energy Alliance ment. The Risk Committee has conducted an Enterprise
Risk Assessment and presented its findings to the Board.
• Texas Oil and Gas Association
As part of the ERM program, identified enterprise risks
• Texas Independent Producers
are linked to Oasis’ strategic and financial priorities. An
and Royalty Association
employee subject matter expert assists the Risk Commit-
• Greater North Dakota tee in defining mitigation strategies for each risk. The Risk
Chamber of Commerce Committee maps enterprise risks according to their likeli-
• The Environmental Partnership hood of occurrence and potential impact with and without
considering related mitigation strategies. The committee
Oasis maintains a standing Government Affairs Committee
presents updates to the Audit & Reserves Committee at
comprised of executives and senior management to review
least quarterly, and more often, as needed.
our trade association activities, analyze potential regu-
lations/legislation, and provide a formal structure to our For a comprehensive discussion of material risks that
charitable giving programs. Oasis has identified, please refer to our Form 10-K for the
fiscal year that ended on December 31, 2020.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 47
OASIS PETROLEUM
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONT
Cybersecurity In addition, to mitigate potential threats and vulnerabilities,
Oasis’ cybersecurity program includes:
Monitoring cybersecurity risks is a priority for our Board
and management team. Our Audit & Reserves Committee • A 24/7 security operations center, which continuously
oversees management’s monitoring of cybersecurity risks, scans internal and external networks for real-time threats
and management reports to the committee multiple times • Network segmentation, which separates field and
per year regarding the company’s cybersecurity program. corporate assets with robust firewalls
As part of that program, Oasis has developed a Cyberse- • A multi-factor authentication process for employees
curity Council reporting to the Executive Vice President to access company information
and General Counsel, and comprised of the IT Director and • A proactive security patch management program,
IT Infrastructure Supervisors. The Cybersecurity Council designed by our IT professionals
meets monthly to proactively review the current cyber
• A partnership with a third-party cybersecurity
threat landscape and Oasis’ potential exposure. The Council
operations group to facilitate Oasis' employment of
also engages regularly with external and internal auditors
best practices
and establishes, implements, and updates our cyberse-
• A requirement that all employees participate in
curity policies and procedures to be consistent with best
information security training at least quarterly
practices, including from the National Institute of Standards
and Technology. • An annual security audit and penetration assessment
conducted by a third party
• Updating cybersecurity infrastructure, procedures,
policies, and education programs in response to
audit findings
• Participation in peer benchmarking and cyber
roundtable forums
48 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
“
Our employee training generates awareness of cyberse-
curity threats, reinforces each employee’s responsibility to
Cybersecurity is an organizational
protect company assets, and provides and promotes tools
effort; every employee is a gatekeeper
to allow employees to report suspicious cyber activity. We
were pleased that the 2020 network penetration assess- of our data and assets. To this end,
ment was unsuccessful. We have not experienced an IT cybersecurity awareness and training
security breach that has impacted operations, and we have
are critical elements in our cybersecu-
not incurred any costs or expenses related to information
security breaches, including within the last three years. We rity program. Over the last three years,
will continue to focus on prevention and best practices to we have deployed required quarterly
secure our assets.
training to every employee, and results
confirm that the training is effective.
Our employees have been demonstrably
more engaged with and concerned
about cybersecurity, and reports of
suspicious cyber events often reflect
the employees’ use of principles
addressed in recent trainings.”
Paul Kim, Oasis Director, Information Technology
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 49
OASIS PETROLEUM
KEY PERFORMANCE DATA
Metrics and disclosures included in this data table cover Oasis’ upstream E&P operations for the calendar year that
ended on December 31, 2020. The metrics have been calculated using the best available data at the time of publication.
Metrics are subject to change as we continuously seek to improve our data management practices, data sources, and
calculation methodologies.
Operations Metrics 2017 2018 2019 2020
Oil and Gas Production Revenue (millions) $1,035 $1,590 $1,409 $690
Natural Gas Production (millions of cubic feet per day) 87.5 116.2 153.2 129.0
Oil and Natural Gas Liquids Production
(thousands of barrels per day) 51.6 63.2 62.5 43.2
Workforce Manhours Worked (millions) 1.2 1.4 1.3 0.8
Proved Reserves (millions of barrels of oil equivalent) 312.2 320.5 286.4 182.5
Corporate Governance Metrics 2017 2018 2019 2020
Independent Board Members1 6 5 5 6
Women Board Members 0 1 1 2
Percentage of Proved and Probable Reserves in Countries
That Have the 20 Lowest Rankings in Transparency
International’s Corruption Perception Index2 0 0 0 0
Political Contributions 0 0 0 0
Environmental Metrics 2017 2018 2019 2020
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GHG)3
Gross Scope 1 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) 1,172,783 1,446,084 1,511,220 537,196
BY CONSTITUENT
Carbon Dioxide (metric tons CO2) 1,067,322 1,324,769 1,387,253 492,501
Methane (metric tons CO2e) 104,966 120,729 123,306 44,445
Nitrous Oxide (metric tons CO2e) 495 587 662 250
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG Emissions from Methane 9% 8% 8% 8%
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG Emissions Covered Under
Emissions-Limiting Regulations 0% 0% 0% 0%
GHG Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/thousands
of barrels of oil equivalent) 29.3 27.4 26.5 13.1
1 Oasis had five independent board members at the beginning of 2020 but had six independent board members before the end of 2020.
2 100% of Oasis’ proved and probable reserves are located in the United States.
3 We include reportable emissions under EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) for Oasis E&P operated facilities. We calculate our reported emissions using
EPA fuel emissions and Global Warming Potential (GWP) factors.
50 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
Environmental Metrics cont 2017 2018 2019 2020
Methane Emissions (metric tons CH4) 4,199 4,829 4,932 1,778
Methane Emissions Intensity (metric tons CH4/thousands
of barrels of oil equivalent)4 0.105 0.092 0.086 0.043
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (thousand cubic feet) 8,157,153 13,160,813 13,748,331 4,194,555
Percentage of Gas Flared per Thousand Cubic Feet of
Gas Produced 12.70% 14.69% 11.91% 4.61%
Volume of Gas Flared per Barrel of Oil Equivalent Produced 0.20 0.25 0.24 0.10
Water Management
Total Freshwater Withdrawn (thousand cubic meters) 4,179,806 5,172,342 3,982,283 2,535,564
Percentage of Total Freshwater Withdrawn in Regions
with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress 0% 0% 0% 0%
Total Freshwater Consumed (thousand cubic meters) 4,719,806 5,172,342 3,982,283 2,535,564
Percentage of Total Freshwater Consumed in Regions
with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress 0% 0% 0% 0%
Volume of Produced Water and Flowback Generated
(thousand cubic meters) 51,120,746 65,492,039 61,672,163 41,973,720
Percentage of Produced Water and Flowback Discharged 0% 0% 0% 0%
Percentage of Produced Water and Flowback Injected 100% 100% 100% 100%
Hydrocarbon Content in Discharged Water (metric tons) NA NA NA NA
Percentage of Hydraulically Fractured Wells for Which
There is Public Disclosure of all Fracturing Fluid
Chemicals Used 100% 100% 100% 100%
Percentage of Hydraulic Fracturing Sites Where Ground
or Surface Water Quality Deteriorated Compared
to a Baseline 0% 0% 0% 0%
Freshwater Intensity (barrels of water/barrels of oil equivalent) 0.743 0.617 0.439 0.388
4 O ur flaring intensity rate calculation includes all natural gas produced at facilities operated by Oasis E&P in 2020 and the flared volumes associated with the production
of oil and natural gas.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 51
OASIS PETROLEUM
KEY PERFORMANCE DATA CONT
Environmental Metrics cont 2017 2018 2019 2020
Biodiversity Impacts
Number of Hydrocarbon Spills 74 102 139 66
Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Spills to the
Environment (volume in thousand barrels) 0.297 0.289 0.913 0.207
Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Spills to the Arctic
(volume in thousand barrels) NA NA NA NA
Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Spills Impacting
Shorelines with ESI Ranking 8-10 (volume in
thousand barrels) NA NA NA NA
Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Recovered from
the Environment (volume in thousand barrels) 0.222 0.242 0.794 0.185
Spill Intensity (barrels of produced liquids spilled/
thousand barrels of total produced liquids)5 0.073 0.007 0.020 0.006
Percentage of Proved Reserves In or Near Sites with
Protected Conservation Status or Endangered
Species Habitat 0.17% 0.20% 0.20% 0.20%
Percentage of Probable Reserves In or Near Sites with
Protected Conservation Status or Endangered
Species Habitat 0.17% 0.20% 0.20% 0.20%
Waste
Hazardous Waste Generated (million metric tons) 0 0 0 0
Hazardous Waste Disposed Of (million metric tons) 0 0 0 0
Hazardous Waste Recycled (million metric tons) 0 0 0 0
5 Spills outside of secondary containment.
52 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
Social Responsibility Metrics 2017 2018 2019 2020
Health and Safety
Work-related Fatalities – Employee + Contractor 0 0 0 0
Work-related Fatalities – Employee 0 0 0 0
Work-related Fatalities – Contractors 0 0 0 0
Work-related Fatality Rate 0 0 0 0
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) – Employees and
Contractors (incidents per 200,000 work hours) 1.05 0.78 0.98 0.65
TRIR – Employees 0.34 0.72 0.30 0.49
TRIR – Contractors 1.38 0.80 1.36 0.78
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) – Employees and Contractors
(incidents per 200,000 work hours) 0.17 0.26 0.22 0.22
LTIR – Employees 0.00 0.43 0.30 0.49
LTIR – Contractors 0.24 0.19 0.17 0.00
Days Away Restricted Transfer (DART) Incident Rate –
Employees and Contractors 0.33 0.30 0.33 0.22
DART Incident Rate – Employees 0.17 0.43 0.30 0.49
DART Incident Rate – Contractors 0.41 0.25 0.34 0.00
Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (per million miles) 5.84 7.58 4.83 4.63
Workplace6
Number of Regular Employees at Year End (thousands) 0.518 0.631 0.507 0.330
MINORITIES AND WOMEN AS A PERCENTAGE OF WORKFORCE
Minorities 17% 21% 22% 21%
Women 25% 29% 29% 32%
MINORITIES AND WOMEN AS A PERCENTAGE OF LEADERSHIP
Minorities 14% 14% 15% 15%
Women 22% 21% 20% 23%
Community Engagement Metrics 2017 2018 2019 2020
Total Volunteer Hours Recorded (hours) 990 516 1,577 1,437
Social Investments (in millions) $0.814 $0.683 $0.927 $0.092
Percentage of (1) Proved and (2) Probable Reserves In
or Near Areas of Conflict 0% 0% 0% 0%
6 As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 53
OASIS PETROLEUM
SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS BOARD (SASB)
OIL AND GAS – EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION SUSTAINABILITY
ACCOUNTING STANDARD (VERSION 2018–10)
This SASB index aims to provide a consolidated overview of Oasis’ reporting against the SASB Oil & Gas – Exploration &
Production Standard (version 2018-10). Metrics and disclosures included in this index cover Oasis’ upstream E&P operations
for the calendar year that ended on December 31, 2020. Oasis intends to use the SASB materiality profile for the oil and gas
industry as a reference point when assessing the sustainability issues most likely to impact our business.
SASB TOPIC CODE UNIT OF MEASURE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Activity Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-000.A Thousand barrels per day (Mbbl/day) Production of Oil
Metrics Key Performance Data
Million standard cubic feet per day Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-000.A Production of Natural Gas
(MMscf/day) Key Performance Data
EM-EP-000.A Thousand barrels per day (Mbbl/day) Production of Synthetic Oil Not Applicable
Million standard cubic feet per day
EM-EP-000.A Production of Synthetic Gas Not Applicable
(MMscf/day)
EM-EP-000.B Number Number of Offshore Sites Not Applicable
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-000.C Number Number of Terrestrial Sites
Key Performance Data
Greenhouse Sustainability Report –
Gas Emissions
EM-EP-110A.1 Metric tons CO2-e(t) Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions
Key Performance Data
(GHG)
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-110A.1 Percentage (%) Percentage Methane
Key Performance Data
Percentage Covered under Emissions- Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-110A.1 Percentage (%)
Limiting Regulations Key Performance Data
Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
EM-EP-110A.2 Metric tons CO2-e
Flared Hydrocarbons
Not Disclosed
Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
EM-EP-110A.2 Metric tons CO2-e
Other Combustion
Not Disclosed
Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
EM-EP-110A.2 Metric tons CO2-e
Process Emissions
Not Disclosed
Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
EM-EP-110A.2 Metric tons CO2-e
Other Vented Emissions
Not Disclosed
Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
EM-EP-110A.2 Metric tons CO2-e
Fugitive Emissions
Not Disclosed
Discussion of Long-term and Short-term
Strategy or Plan to Manage Scope 1
EM-EP-110A.3 Not Applicable Emissions, Emissions Reduction Targets, Not Disclosed
and an Analysis of Performance Against
Those Targets
54 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
SASB TOPIC | CODE | UNIT OF MEASURE | ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC | REFERENCE


Activity
Metrics | EM-EP-000.A | Thousand barrels per day (Mbbl/day) | Production of Oil | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-000.A | Million standard cubic feet per day
(MMscf/day) | Production of Natural Gas | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-000.A | Thousand barrels per day (Mbbl/day) | Production of Synthetic Oil | Not Applicable
 | EM-EP-000.A | Million standard cubic feet per day
(MMscf/day) | Production of Synthetic Gas | Not Applicable
 | EM-EP-000.B | Number | Number of Offshore Sites | Not Applicable
 | EM-EP-000.C | Number | Number of Terrestrial Sites | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data


Greenhouse
Gas Emissions
(GHG) | EM-EP-110A.1 | Metric tons CO2-e(t) | Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-110A.1 | Percentage (%) | Percentage Methane | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-110A.1 | Percentage (%) | Percentage Covered under Emissions-
Limiting Regulations | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-110A.2 | Metric tons CO2-e | Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
Flared Hydrocarbons | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-110A.2 | Metric tons CO2-e | Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
Other Combustion | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-110A.2 | Metric tons CO2-e | Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
Process Emissions | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-110A.2 | Metric tons CO2-e | Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
Other Vented Emissions | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-110A.2 | Metric tons CO2-e | Gross Global Scope 1 Emissions from
Fugitive Emissions | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-110A.3 | Not Applicable | Discussion of Long-term and Short-term
Strategy or Plan to Manage Scope 1
Emissions, Emissions Reduction Targets,
and an Analysis of Performance Against
Those Targets | Not Disclosed


SASB TOPIC CODE UNIT OF MEASURE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Air Quality Air Emissions of the Following Pollutants:
(1) NOx (excluding N2O), (2) SOx, (3) Vol-
EM-EP-120a.1 Metric tons (t) Not Disclosed
atile Organic Compounds (VOCs), and (4)
Particulate Matter (PM10)
Water Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-140a.1 Thousand cubic meters (m3) Total Fresh Water Withdrawn
Management Key Performance Data
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-140a.1 Thousand cubic meters (m3) Total Fresh Water Consumed
Key Performance Data
Percentage of Fresh Water Withdrawn
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-140a.1 Percentage (%) in Regions with High or Extremely High
Key Performance Data
Baseline Water Stress
Percentage of Fresh Water Consumed
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-140a.1 Percentage (%) in Regions with High or Extremely High
Key Performance Data
Baseline Water Stress
Volume of Produced Water and Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-140a.2 Thousand cubic meters (m3)
Flowback Generated Key Performance Data
Percentage of Produced Water and Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-140a.2 Percentage (%)
Flowback Discharged Key Performance Data
Percentage of Produced Water and Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-140a.2 Percentage (%)
Flowback Injected Key Performance Data
Percentage of Produced Water and
EM-EP-140a.2 Percentage (%) Not Disclosed
Flowback Recycled
EM-EP-140a.2 Metric tons (t) Hydrocarbon Content in Discharged Water Not Applicable
Percentage of Hydraulically Fractured Wells
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage (%) for Which There is Public Disclosure of all
Key Performance Data
Fracturing Fluid Chemicals Used
Percentage of Hydraulic Fracturing Sites
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-140a.4 Percentage (%) Where Ground or Surface Water Quality
Key Performance Data
Deteriorated Compared to a Baseline
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 55
SASB TOPIC | CODE | UNIT OF MEASURE | ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC | REFERENCE


Air Quality | EM-EP-120a.1 | Metric tons (t) | Air Emissions of the Following Pollutants:
(1) NOx (excluding N2O), (2) SOx, (3) Vol-
atile Organic Compounds (VOCs), and (4)
Particulate Matter (PM10) | Not Disclosed


Water
Management | EM-EP-140a.1 | Thousand cubic meters (m3) | Total Fresh Water Withdrawn | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-140a.1 | Thousand cubic meters (m3) | Total Fresh Water Consumed | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-140a.1 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Fresh Water Withdrawn
in Regions with High or Extremely High
Baseline Water Stress | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-140a.1 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Fresh Water Consumed
in Regions with High or Extremely High
Baseline Water Stress | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-140a.2 | Thousand cubic meters (m3) | Volume of Produced Water and
Flowback Generated | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-140a.2 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Produced Water and
Flowback Discharged | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-140a.2 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Produced Water and
Flowback Injected | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-140a.2 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Produced Water and
Flowback Recycled | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-140a.2 | Metric tons (t) | Hydrocarbon Content in Discharged Water | Not Applicable
 | EM-EP-140a.3 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Hydraulically Fractured Wells
for Which There is Public Disclosure of all
Fracturing Fluid Chemicals Used | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-140a.4 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Hydraulic Fracturing Sites
Where Ground or Surface Water Quality
Deteriorated Compared to a Baseline | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data


OASIS PETROLEUM
SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) CONT
SASB TOPIC CODE UNIT OF MEASURE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Biodiversity Description of Environmental Management Sustainability Report –
Impacts EM-EP-160a.1 Not Applicable Discussion and Policies and Practices for Environmental
Active Sites Stewardship
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-160a.2 Number Number of Hydrocarbon Spills
Key Performance Data
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-160a.2 Number/Barrels (bbls) Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Spills
Key Performance Data
Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Spills
EM-EP-160a.2 Number/Barrels (bbls) Not Applicable
in the Arctic
Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Spills
EM-EP-160a.2 Number/Barrels (bbls) Not Applicable
Impacting Shorelines with ESI Ranking 8-10
Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-160a.2 Number/Barrels (bbls)
Spills Recovered Key Performance Data
Percentage of Proved Reserves In or Near
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage (%) Sites with Protected Conservation Status or
Key Performance Data
Endangered Species Habitat
Percentage of Probable Reserves In or Near
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage (%) Sites with Protected Conservation Status or
Key Performance Data
Endangered Species Habitat
Security, Percentage of Proved Reserves In or Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage (%)
Human Rights, Near Areas of Conflict Key Performance Data
& Rights of
Indigenous Percentage of Probable Reserves In or Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage (%)
Peoples Near Areas of Conflict Key Performance Data
Percentage of Proved Reserves In or Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage (%)
Near Indigenous Land Key Performance Data
Percentage of Probable Reserves In or
EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage (%) Not Disclosed
Near Indigenous Land
Discussion of Engagement Processes and
Sustainability Report –
Due Diligence Practices with Respect to
EM-EP-210a.3 Not Applicable Community
Human Rights, Indigenous Rights, and
Engagement
Operations in Areas of Conflict
Community Discussion of Process to Manage Risks and Sustainability Report –
Relations EM-EP-210b.1 Not Applicable Opportunities Associated with Community Community
Rights and Interests Engagement
Number and Duration of
EM-EP-210b.2 Number, Days Not Disclosed
Non-Technical Delays
56 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
SASB TOPIC | CODE | UNIT OF MEASURE | ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC | REFERENCE


Biodiversity
Impacts | EM-EP-160a.1 | Not Applicable | Description of Environmental Management
Discussion and Policies and Practices for
Active Sites | Sustainability Report –
Environmental
Stewardship
 | EM-EP-160a.2 | Number | Number of Hydrocarbon Spills | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-160a.2 | Number/Barrels (bbls) | Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Spills | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-160a.2 | Number/Barrels (bbls) | Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Spills
in the Arctic | Not Applicable
 | EM-EP-160a.2 | Number/Barrels (bbls) | Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon Spills
Impacting Shorelines with ESI Ranking 8-10 | Not Applicable
 | EM-EP-160a.2 | Number/Barrels (bbls) | Aggregate Volume of Hydrocarbon
Spills Recovered | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-160a.3 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Proved Reserves In or Near
Sites with Protected Conservation Status or
Endangered Species Habitat | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-160a.3 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Probable Reserves In or Near
Sites with Protected Conservation Status or
Endangered Species Habitat | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data


Security,
Human Rights,
& Rights of
Indigenous
Peoples | EM-EP-210a.1 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Proved Reserves In or
Near Areas of Conflict | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-210a.1 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Probable Reserves In or
Near Areas of Conflict | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-210a.2 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Proved Reserves In or
Near Indigenous Land | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-210a.2 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Probable Reserves In or
Near Indigenous Land | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-210a.3 | Not Applicable | Discussion of Engagement Processes and
Due Diligence Practices with Respect to
Human Rights, Indigenous Rights, and
Operations in Areas of Conflict | Sustainability Report –
Community
Engagement


Community
Relations | EM-EP-210b.1 | Not Applicable | Discussion of Process to Manage Risks and
Opportunities Associated with Community
Rights and Interests | Sustainability Report –
Community
Engagement
 | EM-EP-210b.2 | Number, Days | Number and Duration of
Non-Technical Delays | Not Disclosed


SASB TOPIC CODE UNIT OF MEASURE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Workforce Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-320a.1 Rate Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)
Health & Key Performance Data
Safety
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-320a.1 Rate Fatality Rate
Key Performance Data
EM-EP-320a.1 Rate Near Miss Frequency Rate (NMFR) Not Disclosed
Average Hours of Health, Safety, and
EM-EP-320a.1 Hours Emergency Response Training for Full-Time Not Disclosed
Field and Contract Employees
Average Hours of Health, Safety, and
EM-EP-320a.1 Hours Emergency Response Training for Not Disclosed
Short-Service Employees
Discussion of Management Systems Used Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-320a.2 Not Applicable to Integrate a Culture of Safety Throughout Health, Safety, and the
the Exploration and Production Lifecycle Workplace
Reserves Sensitivity of Hydrocarbon Reserve Levels
Million barrels (MMbbls), Million
Valuation & EM-EP-420a.1 to Future Price Projection Scenarios that Not Disclosed
standard cubic feet (MMscf)
Capital Account for a Price on Carbon Emissions
Expenditures
Estimated Carbon Dioxide Emissions
EM-EP-420a.2 Metric tons CO2-e
Embedded in Proved Hydrocarbon Reserves
Not Disclosed
Amount Invested in Renewable Energy, Rev-
EM-EP-420a.3 Reporting currency Not Applicable
enue Generated by Renewable Energy Sales
Discussion of How Price and Demand for
Hydrocarbons and/or Climate Regulation
EM-EP-420a.4 Not Applicable Influence the Capital Expenditure Strategy 10-K Risk Factors
for Exploration, Acquisition, and Develop-
ment of Assets
Business Percentage of (1) Proved and (2) Probable
Ethics & Reserves in Countries That Have the 20 Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-510a.1 Percentage (%)
Transparency Lowest Rankings in Transparency Interna- Key Performance Data
tional’s Corruption Perception Index
Description of the Management System
Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-510a.2 Not Applicable for Prevention of Corruption and Bribery
Corporate Governance
Throughout the Value Chain
Management Discussion of Corporate Positions Related
of the Legal to Government Regulations and/or Policy
EM-EP-530a.1 Not Applicable 10-K Risk Factors
& Regulatory Proposals that Address Environmental and
Environment Social Factors Affecting the Industry
Critical Process Safety Event (PSE) Rates for Loss
Incident Risk EM-EP-540a.1 Rate of Primary Containment (LOPC) of Greater Not Disclosed
Management Consequence (Tier 1)
Description of Management Systems Used Sustainability Report –
EM-EP-540a.2 Not Applicable to Identify and Mitigate Catastrophic and Health, Safety, and the
Tail-end Risks Workplace
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 57
SASB TOPIC | CODE | UNIT OF MEASURE | ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC | REFERENCE


Workforce
Health &
Safety | EM-EP-320a.1 | Rate | Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-320a.1 | Rate | Fatality Rate | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-320a.1 | Rate | Near Miss Frequency Rate (NMFR) | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-320a.1 | Hours | Average Hours of Health, Safety, and
Emergency Response Training for Full-Time
Field and Contract Employees | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-320a.1 | Hours | Average Hours of Health, Safety, and
Emergency Response Training for
Short-Service Employees | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-320a.2 | Not Applicable | Discussion of Management Systems Used
to Integrate a Culture of Safety Throughout
the Exploration and Production Lifecycle | Sustainability Report –
Health, Safety, and the
Workplace


Reserves
Valuation &
Capital
Expenditures | EM-EP-420a.1 | Million barrels (MMbbls), Million
standard cubic feet (MMscf) | Sensitivity of Hydrocarbon Reserve Levels
to Future Price Projection Scenarios that
Account for a Price on Carbon Emissions | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-420a.2 | Metric tons CO2-e | Estimated Carbon Dioxide Emissions
Embedded in Proved Hydrocarbon Reserves | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-420a.3 | Reporting currency | Amount Invested in Renewable Energy, Rev-
enue Generated by Renewable Energy Sales | Not Applicable
 | EM-EP-420a.4 | Not Applicable | Discussion of How Price and Demand for
Hydrocarbons and/or Climate Regulation
Influence the Capital Expenditure Strategy
for Exploration, Acquisition, and Develop-
ment of Assets | 10-K Risk Factors


Business
Ethics &
Transparency | EM-EP-510a.1 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of (1) Proved and (2) Probable
Reserves in Countries That Have the 20
Lowest Rankings in Transparency Interna-
tional’s Corruption Perception Index | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | EM-EP-510a.2 | Not Applicable | Description of the Management System
for Prevention of Corruption and Bribery
Throughout the Value Chain | Sustainability Report –
Corporate Governance


Management
of the Legal
& Regulatory
Environment | EM-EP-530a.1 | Not Applicable | Discussion of Corporate Positions Related
to Government Regulations and/or Policy
Proposals that Address Environmental and
Social Factors Affecting the Industry | 10-K Risk Factors


Critical
Incident Risk
Management | EM-EP-540a.1 | Rate | Process Safety Event (PSE) Rates for Loss
of Primary Containment (LOPC) of Greater
Consequence (Tier 1) | Not Disclosed
 | EM-EP-540a.2 | Not Applicable | Description of Management Systems Used
to Identify and Mitigate Catastrophic and
Tail-end Risks | Sustainability Report –
Health, Safety, and the
Workplace


OASIS PETROLEUM
AMERICAN EXPLORATION AND
PRODUCTION COUNCIL (AXPC)
ESG METRICS FRAMEWORK
To provide investors and the public with transparency and consistency for key upstream ESG indicators, AXPC launched
the AXPC ESG Metrics Framework and Template in February 2021. AXPC’s ESG Metrics and Framework centers around
five key metrics groupings that AXPC members believe are essential to capture in promoting more consistent reporting
across its member companies. Metrics and disclosures included in this index cover Oasis’ upstream E&P operations for
the calendar year that ended on December 31, 2020.
AXPC TOPIC UNIT OF MEASURE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Greenhouse Sustainability Report –
Gas Emissions
Metrics tons CO2e GHG Emissions
Key Performance Data
(GHG)
Metric tons CO2e Sustainability Report –
GHG Intensity
Gross Annual Production (Boe) Key Performance Data
Gathering and Boosting
Percent of GHG Emissions Attributed to is reported through
Percentage (%)
Boosting and Gathering Segment the Oasis Midstream
business
Sustainability Report –
Metric tons CH4 Methane Emissions
Key Performance Data
Metric tons CH4 Sustainability Report –
Methane Intensity
Gross Annual Production (Boe) Key Performance Data
Gathering and Boosting
Percent of Methane Emissions Attributed to is reported through
Percentage (%)
Boosting and Gathering Segment the Oasis Midstream
business
Flaring Sustainability Report –
Mcf Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas
Key Performance Data
Percentage of Gas Flared per Mcf of Sustainability Report –
Percentage (%)
Gas Produced Key Performance Data
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf) Volume of Gas Flared per Barrel of Sustainability Report –
Gross Annual Production (Boe) Oil Equivalent Produced Key Performance Data
Spills Produced Liquids Spilled (Bbl) Sustainability Report –
Spill Intensity
Total Produced Liquids (MBbl) Key Performance Data
58 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
AXPC TOPIC | UNIT OF MEASURE | ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC | REFERENCE


Greenhouse
Gas Emissions
(GHG) | Metrics tons CO2e | GHG Emissions | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | Metric tons CO2e
Gross Annual Production (Boe) | GHG Intensity | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | Percentage (%) | Percent of GHG Emissions Attributed to
Boosting and Gathering Segment | Gathering and Boosting
is reported through
the Oasis Midstream
business
 | Metric tons CH4 | Methane Emissions | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | Metric tons CH4
Gross Annual Production (Boe) | Methane Intensity | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | Percentage (%) | Percent of Methane Emissions Attributed to
Boosting and Gathering Segment | Gathering and Boosting
is reported through
the Oasis Midstream
business


Flaring | Mcf | Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | Percentage (%) | Percentage of Gas Flared per Mcf of
Gas Produced | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf)
Gross Annual Production (Boe) | Volume of Gas Flared per Barrel of
Oil Equivalent Produced | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data


Spills | Produced Liquids Spilled (Bbl)
Total Produced Liquids (MBbl) | Spill Intensity | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data


AXPC TOPIC UNIT OF MEASURE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Water Use Fresh Water Consumed (Bbl) Sustainability Report –
Fresh Water Intensity
Gross Annual Production (Boe) Key Performance Data
Recycled Water (Bbl)
Water Recycle Rate Not Disclosed
Total Water Consumed (Bbl)
Does your company use WRI Aqueduct, GEMI,
Water Risk Filter, Water Risk Monetizer, or other
Not Applicable No
comparable tool or methodology to determine
the water stressed areas in your portfolio?
Safety # of Employee OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 Sustainability Report –
Employee Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)
Annual Employee Workhours Key Performance Data
# of Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 Sustainability Report –
Contractor TRIR
Annual Contractor Workhours Key Performance Data
# of Combined OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 Sustainability Report –
Combined TRIR
Annual Combined Workhours Key Performance Data
2020 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 59
AXPC TOPIC | UNIT OF MEASURE | ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC | REFERENCE


Water Use | Fresh Water Consumed (Bbl)
Gross Annual Production (Boe) | Fresh Water Intensity | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | Recycled Water (Bbl)
Total Water Consumed (Bbl) | Water Recycle Rate | Not Disclosed
 | Not Applicable | Does your company use WRI Aqueduct, GEMI,
Water Risk Filter, Water Risk Monetizer, or other
comparable tool or methodology to determine
the water stressed areas in your portfolio? | No


Safety | # of Employee OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000
Annual Employee Workhours | Employee Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | # of Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000
Annual Contractor Workhours | Contractor TRIR | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data
 | # of Combined OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000
Annual Combined Workhours | Combined TRIR | Sustainability Report –
Key Performance Data


OASIS PETROLEUM
FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS
This report includes certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding
the company’s expectations with respect to our current and future operations,
performance and business strategy, and statements regarding the company’s
practices, programs, policies, initiatives, plans, goals, and targets with respect to
environmental, social, and governance matters. Words such as “could,” “would,”
“should,” “may,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “continue,” “potential,” “future,”
“strategy,” “goal,” “plan,” and similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate
future events and trends may be used to identify forward-looking statements in
this report, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying
words. Although the company believes the expectations reflected in our for-
ward-looking statements are reasonable and are based on reasonable assump-
tions, no assurance can be given that such assumptions are accurate or that
any of such expectations will be achieved (in full or at all) or will prove to have
been correct.
These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties,
and assumptions, including public health crises such as pandemics (including
COVID-19), epidemics or outbreaks of infectious diseases, natural disasters and
adverse weather conditions, terrorist attacks or cyber-attacks, substantial or
extended declines in commodity prices for crude oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquids, the ability to attract and retain key personnel and other factors disclosed
from time to time in Oasis’ filings with the SEC. As a result of these factors,
actual results may differ materially from those indicated or implied by such
forward-looking statements.
Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and the compa-
ny undertakes no obligation, other than as required by applicable law, to update
or revise our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
subsequent events, anticipated or unanticipated circumstances or otherwise. New
factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such
factors. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep
in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in “Item 1A. Risk Fac-
tors” included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2020 as filed with the SEC on March 8, 2021 and in our other public
filings with the SEC. These and other factors could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
The ESG metrics included in this report have not been independently audited or
prepared in accordance with GAAP, unless indicated otherwise.
60 A NEW TOMORROW, TODAY
Oasis Petroleum
1001 Fannin Street, Suite 1500
Houston, Texas 77002
